---
id: 2956
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ the OLD XinCheJian - 7-9pm
date: 2012-04-11 12:40:15
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ the OLD XinCheJian - 7-9pm
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-the-old-xinchejian-7-9pm
---

## error
Failed to parse. Text: "```json
{"en": "**Urgent Notice [2012] No. 1 from XinCheJian** Regarding Changes to the New Workshop Relocation Date and the Visit of Guest Speaker Mitch Altman. To better serve the needs of our creative community and improve the workshop's facilities, we have decided to postpone the relocation to April 15th, 2012 (Sunday) at 8:30 AM. To ensure a smooth transition, we will conduct a comprehensive packing and cleaning operation on April 14th (Saturday), starting at 8:00 PM. Please spread the word!\n\nWe are excited about the new workshop's spaciousness yet saddened by the abrupt transition.  Mitch Altman, the grand patriarch of the hacker space movement, has arrived on April 11th (Wednesday), 7:30 PM.  His arrival is a testament to our growing community.  The caliber of people accompanying him is impressive, with heights ranging from towering giants to short but mighty individuals, with skin tones from deep ebony to dazzling white.  These are truly masterful individuals!  Do not miss this opportunity! \n\nBy popular demand, we did not move last weekend.  This is our final week in the current location, and we're determined to have a seamless transition!  We are aiming for lights to be installed in the new location by Sunday the 15th;  otherwise, XinCheJian members will adorn the windows with blue and red fluorescent lights. If you would like to help with the packing, please join us at XinCheJian at 8:00 PM on Saturday or 8:30 AM on Sunday. Please spread the word! \n\nToday, Wednesday, we welcome the 'ultra-mega-wow-wednesday'! We have Mitch Altman, the granddaddy of hacker spaces, along with other visiting hackers.  This will be an unforgettable event; don't miss out!  For more updates on the space, please refer to the \"Recent changes at XinCheJian\" section below.  Tonight's confirmed presentations include 3D implants, microcontroller hacks, and 'Car Radio Be Gone'.\n\n**Wednesday Presenters:**\n\n*_Mitch Altman_* is a San Francisco-based hacker and inventor, best known for inventing TV-B-Gone remote controls.  He was also a co-founder of 3ware and a pioneer in virtual reality.  For years, he has been travelling, leading workshops worldwide.\n\n*_Tobias Schneider_*, an electrical engineering student at Technical University Munich, is passionate about embedded electronics and light installations. He will present his eco-friendly rechargeable name badges.\n\n*_Florian Friesdorf_*, an electronic engineer, will demonstrate his arduino-based haptic UI prototypes.\n\n*_Jimmie Rodgers_*, a seasoned hacker and maker, will showcase his open-source hardware kits.\n\n*_Charles Paul_*, an IT consultant, will discuss his consulting experience.\n\n*_Yair Reshef_*, an art technologist and educator, will provide insights into creative technology.\n\n*_Simon Schubert_*, an EE major turned CS PhD student, will speak on microcontroller hacks.\n\n*_Jacob Rosenthal_*, a freelance embedded developer, will present on 3D implants.\n\n**Recent Changes at XinCheJian:**\n\nMembership is now 100 RMB per month per member.  Additional storage space is available for 200 RMB per month (max. box size 50x50x30cm). Further donations are welcome. Failure to pay membership will result in forfeited storage space becoming donations to XinCheJian.  XinCheJian will now sell parts in sets (e.g., 10 resistors for 1 RMB) to reduce waste.  Members have access to the space and tools; however, strangers require a member escort and are responsible for their conduct while in the space. Full details are available at <http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/>"},"zh": "**新车间特急通知[2012]第1号** 关于新车间搬迁日期调整及米奇奥特曼来访的通知。为了更好地服务广大创客，提升新车间软硬件环境，经过研究决定，将新车间搬迁日期调整为2012年4月15日（星期日）上午8:30。为了顺利完成搬迁，我们将于搬迁前一天（2012年4月14日）晚上8:00开始一场前所未有的打包整理工作，请大家积极参与！\n\n我们期待着新的工作场所，但同时也对这次仓促的搬迁感到些许伤感。 创客之父米奇奥特曼将于4月11日（星期三）晚上7:30造访新车间。他的到来是对我们不断壮大的社区的肯定。随行人员的素质极高，他们身材高矮不一，肤色各异。他们每一个都是身怀绝技的能人！千万不要错过这次机会！\n\n经大家强烈要求，我们上周末没有搬迁。这将是我们最后一周在新场所。我们决心这次搬迁一切顺利！我们希望在星期日（15日）之前就能在新场所安装照明设备。否则，新车间成员将会在窗户附近悬挂蓝色和红色荧光灯。如果您想参与打包搬迁工作，请于本周六晚上8:00或星期日早上8:30来到新车间。 请大家积极参与并互相告知！\n\n今天（星期三）将是一个激动人心的日子——我们将迎来“超级精彩星期三”！我们将有米奇·奥特曼（创客空间的鼻祖）以及其他来访的创客！这将是值得你铭记的星期三，不容错过！如需了解更多新车间的最新动态，请查看下方“新车间近期变更”一栏。今晚的预定演讲主题包括：3D植入物、微控制器黑客技术和“车载收音机去除器”。\n\n**星期三演讲嘉宾：**\n\n*_米奇·奥特曼_*是一位在旧金山工作的黑客和发明家，他最出名的是发明了TV-B-Gone遥控器。他还曾是3ware公司的联合创始人，并为虚拟现实领域做出了杰出贡献。多年来，他一直在世界各地举办黑客空间研讨会。\n\n*_托比亚斯·施奈德_*（慕尼黑工业大学电子工程专业学生）对嵌入式电子和灯光装置充满热情，并准备展示他的环保可充电电子姓名牌。\n\n*_弗洛里安·弗里斯特罗夫_*（电子工程师）将展示他的基于Arduino的触觉用户界面原型。\n\n*_吉米·罗杰斯_*（经验丰富的黑客和创客）将展示他的开源硬件套件。\n\n*_查尔斯·保罗_*（IT顾问）将分享他的咨询经验。\n\n*_亚伊尔·雷谢夫_*（艺术技术专家和教育家）将分享他对创造性技术的见解。\n\n*_西蒙·舒伯特_*（电子工程专业毕业，转入计算机科学博士）将针对微控制器黑客技术进行演讲。\n\n*_杰克·罗森塔尔_*（自由职业嵌入式开发者）将演讲3D植入物。\n\n**新车间近期变更：**\n\n会员费现在每月每位会员100人民币。额外存放项目/物品的存储空间每月收费200人民币（最大箱子尺寸为50x50x30厘米）。欢迎捐赠。未缴纳会员费将导致您在车间存放的物品将捐赠给新车间。新车间现在将以套装的形式出售零件（例如，10个电阻为1人民币），以减少浪费。会员有权使用车间和工具；访客必须由会员陪同，并且在车间期间负有责任。 详细资料请访问<http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/>"
}
```". Error: SyntaxError: Unexpected token '`', "```json
{""... is not valid JSON

Troubleshooting URL: https://js.langchain.com/docs/troubleshooting/errors/OUTPUT_PARSING_FAILURE/


## code
 <!\[CDATA\[\[:en\]**新车间发特急\[2012\]1号文件**关于新车间场地搬迁日期改动以及接待外宾米奇奥特曼来访的通知 为了贯彻落实新车间为广大创客更好服务的精神，做好积极提高新车间软硬件环境的工作，经研究，决定将新车间场地搬迁日期推迟至2012年4月15日（周 日）晨8：30分。为了能更好的完成这次搬迁攻坚战，我们需要发动广大群众的积极性，在搬迁前日（2012年4月14日）晚8：00点开始一次史无前例的 打包清理工作，请父老乡亲们奔走相告。 欲行兮则悲欢共在，欢其新址之瑰丽，悲其时而不定之仓促，然，乘此新旧交替之良辰（2012年4月11日周三晚7：30分），米奇奥特曼乘风而至，另陋室 生辉无数。其人乃创客之祖，为无数创客之辈膜拜，名贯古今之奇人也。其一行人等更是高的高，矮的矮，黑的黑似炭，白的白似雪，太阳穴鼓着，腮帮子笼着，个 个是身怀绝技!今晚如若不来，将悔过今生。 By popular demand we \_didn't\_ move last weekend, in-fact this is the last week in the space. we're moving and nothing will stop us this time, hopefully by Sunday the 15th we will have lights in the new space! otherwise some members of XinCheJian will be hanging Blue and Red Florescent lights near the windows. If you would like to help with packing, 8pm @ XinCheJian on this Saturday or 8:30am on this Sunday @ XinCheJian for the move, spread the word! Today, Wednesday we have the /ultra-mega-wow-wednesday, a spectacular!/ we have Mitch Altman the Grand-daddy of hacker-spaces along with visiting Hackers, this will be the ultimate Wednesday that you will only kick yourself if you miss, check out the section below titled "Recent changes at XinCheJian" for more updates at the space! This evenings confirmed presentations: 3D implants, microcontroller hacks and "car-radio-be-gone".**Wednesday Presenters** _Mitch Altman_ is a San Francisco-based hacker and inventor, best known for inventing TV-B-Gone remote controls, a keychain that turns off TVs in public places. He was also co-founder of 3ware (a Silicon Valley RAID controller company), did pioneering work in Virtual Reality at VPL Research, and created the Brain Machine, one of MAKE Magazine's most popular DIY projects. For the last many years he has been on the road from hackerspace to hacker-con leading workshops around the world, teaching one and all to make cool things with electronics and teaching everyone to solder with his open source hardware kits. Mitch is one of the co-founders of Noisebridge, a San Francisco hacker space, and President and CEO of Cornfield Electronics. Mitch will talk about his newest project "car radio be gone!" also ask to see his hackerspace passport!_Tobias Schneider_, I am an electrical engineering student at Technische Unversitaet Muenchen. I'm interested in embedded electronics and light installations. I was part of the AllColoursAreBeautiful art installation in Munich, which was partly funded by the city. Recently I was involved in producing eco friendly, rechargeable electronic name badges for a big German maker/hacker convention. I'm going to present this name badge at the Maker Carnival in Beijing and give a workshop to create own addons for the badge._Florian Friesdorf_, I studied electronic engineering and system ergonomics at the Technische Universitaet Muenchen (TUM), Munich, Germany. For about two years now, I'm a fully self-employed Munich-based software developer mostly working with python and javascript. While I earn my living developing software, I'm exploring to extend that to haptic user interfaces involving wooden blocks, equipped with touch screens and sensors to measure their relative position. One application would be the hierachical modeling of workflows in health care. In cooperation with the The Department for Human Factors Engineering and Product Ergonomics at the Technische Universitaet Berlin, Germany an open source software was created. I now want to produce arduino-based prototypes of the haptic UI and am looking forward to the Maker Carnival to share thoughts and ideas. When not in Munich, I'm on sprints and hackerspaces around the world._Jimmie Rodgers_, I am a full time hacker, maker, circuitbender, etc. I design open source hardware kits, as well as teach a variety of workshops, and give talks on many topics that interest me. I travel and run workshops quite a bit! My most popular kits are the Atari Punk Console, a simple and fun sound generator, and the LoL Shield, an Arduino shield with lots of LEDs on it! I am co-founder of Artisan's Asylum, a huge hackerspace in Boston. Charles Paul, I am an IT consultant from New Orleans, LA. Currently the lead software developer at Pixt.com. I consult, design, develop and deliver non-trivial solutions for tricky problems; doing this in the past for Charles Schwab, Hewlett Packard, Wells Fargo, and the largest class action firm in the USA, among others. In a previous time I was also employee #1 at Metrix:CreateSpace, and am currently involved in a similar endeavor here in New Orleans. I am very much looking forward to visiting China and better learning the language!_Yair reshef,_ An art technologist and educator, consulting some of the leading art and design institutes in Israel. In this capacity I help promote creative technology in the arts and vise verse. A recent such example is fabrication of an hepatic car wheel for a year long collaboration between Bezalel academy of Arts and General motors. as an educator I give workshops and help people experience rapid prototyping of electronics and code. My students ranging from small kids to teachers and faculty. Coming from Israel, I keep a close watch on our start-up culture, and am always amazed by the power of a few committed talents to bring things to be._Simon Schubert_ , I'm an EE major converted to Computer Science PhD student, currently studying in Lausanne, Switzerland. While doing my EE studies, I balanced myself by being a developer for the DragonFly BSD Operating System; now that I'm doing Computer Science, I picked up electronics as a hobby. Besides being a member of our local hackerspace, I am a (inactive) HAM radio operator and I keep dismantling and hacking various electronic and mechanical items in my house. My latest venture is a cheap, compact and powerful microcontroller development platform, the MC HCK (http://mchck.org). Simon will be giving a talk on micro controller hacks_Jacob Rosenthal_, I'm a freelance embedded and erstwhile web and database developer. I've spent the last two years founding and educating at the Phoenix Arizona hackerspace HeatSync Labs where I am still on the board of directors. My personal interests include body computing and modification, 3d printing, and electronics. I am passionate about making the future practical. Jacob will be giving a talk on 3D implants!**Recent changes at XinCheJian**Membership is now Just 100rmb per month per member, for an additional 200rmb a month you can also store your projects/stuff in the space in a box that does not exceed 50x50x30cm, you can contribute more money if you want as a donation. Failure to pay membership will result in your junk being stored at XinCheJian becoming a donation to the space. XinCheJian will no longer offer community parts but instead sell them in sets, for example 10 resistors for 1rmb to cut down on waste and mess. Members will have access to the space and the tools, strangers must be accompanied by a member at all times and will be responsible for that friend during that period at XinCheJian. For Full details see <http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/>Policy or <http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Policy/zh> \[:zh\]**新车间发特急\[2012\]1号文件**关于新车间场地搬迁日期改动以及接待外宾米奇奥特曼来访的通知 为了贯彻落实新车间为广大创客更好服务的精神，做好积极提高新车间软硬件环境的工作，经研究，决定将新车间场地搬迁日期推迟至2012年4月15日（周 日）晨8：30分。为了能更好的完成这次搬迁攻坚战，我们需要发动广大群众的积极性，在搬迁前日（2012年4月14日）晚8：00点开始一次史无前例的 打包清理工作，请父老乡亲们奔走相告。 欲行兮则悲欢共在，欢其新址之瑰丽，悲其时而不定之仓促，然，乘此新旧交替之良辰（2012年4月11日周三晚7：30分），米奇奥特曼乘风而至，另陋室 生辉无数。其人乃创客之祖，为无数创客之辈膜拜，名贯古今之奇人也。其一行人等更是高的高，矮的矮，黑的黑似炭，白的白似雪，太阳穴鼓着，腮帮子笼着，个 个是身怀绝技!今晚如若不来，将悔过今生。 By popular demand we \_didn't\_ move last weekend, in-fact this is the last week in the space. we're moving and nothing will stop us this time, hopefully by Sunday the 15th we will have lights in the new space! otherwise some members of XinCheJian will be hanging Blue and Red Florescent lights near the windows. If you would like to help with packing, 8pm @ XinCheJian on this Saturday or 8:30am on this Sunday @ XinCheJian for the move, spread the word! Today, Wednesday we have the /ultra-mega-wow-wednesday, a spectacular!/ we have Mitch Altman the Grand-daddy of hacker-spaces along with visiting Hackers, this will be the ultimate Wednesday that you will only kick yourself if you miss, check out the section below titled "Recent changes at XinCheJian" for more updates at the space! This evenings confirmed presentations: 3D implants, microcontroller hacks and "car-radio-be-gone".**Wednesday Presenters** _Mitch Altman_ is a San Francisco-based hacker and inventor, best known for inventing TV-B-Gone remote controls, a keychain that turns off TVs in public places. He was also co-founder of 3ware (a Silicon Valley RAID controller company), did pioneering work in Virtual Reality at VPL Research, and created the Brain Machine, one of MAKE Magazine's most popular DIY projects. For the last many years he has been on the road from hackerspace to hacker-con leading workshops around the world, teaching one and all to make cool things with electronics and teaching everyone to solder with his open source hardware kits. Mitch is one of the co-founders of Noisebridge, a San Francisco hacker space, and President and CEO of Cornfield Electronics. Mitch will talk about his newest project "car radio be gone!" also ask to see his hackerspace passport!_Tobias Schneider_, I am an electrical engineering student at Technische Unversitaet Muenchen. I'm interested in embedded electronics and light installations. I was part of the AllColoursAreBeautiful art installation in Munich, which was partly funded by the city. Recently I was involved in producing eco friendly, rechargeable electronic name badges for a big German maker/hacker convention. I'm going to present this name badge at the Maker Carnival in Beijing and give a workshop to create own addons for the badge._Florian Friesdorf_, I studied electronic engineering and system ergonomics at the Technische Universitaet Muenchen (TUM), Munich, Germany. For about two years now, I'm a fully self-employed Munich-based software developer mostly working with python and javascript. While I earn my living developing software, I'm exploring to extend that to haptic user interfaces involving wooden blocks, equipped with touch screens and sensors to measure their relative position. One application would be the hierachical modeling of workflows in health care. In cooperation with the The Department for Human Factors Engineering and Product Ergonomics at the Technische Universitaet Berlin, Germany an open source software was created. I now want to produce arduino-based prototypes of the haptic UI and am looking forward to the Maker Carnival to share thoughts and ideas. When not in Munich, I'm on sprints and hackerspaces around the world._Jimmie Rodgers_, I am a full time hacker, maker, circuitbender, etc. I design open source hardware kits, as well as teach a variety of workshops, and give talks on many topics that interest me. I travel and run workshops quite a bit! My most popular kits are the Atari Punk Console, a simple and fun sound generator, and the LoL Shield, an Arduino shield with lots of LEDs on it! I am co-founder of Artisan's Asylum, a huge hackerspace in Boston. Charles Paul, I am an IT consultant from New Orleans, LA. Currently the lead software developer at Pixt.com. I consult, design, develop and deliver non-trivial solutions for tricky problems; doing this in the past for Charles Schwab, Hewlett Packard, Wells Fargo, and the largest class action firm in the USA, among others. In a previous time I was also employee #1 at Metrix:CreateSpace, and am currently involved in a similar endeavor here in New Orleans. I am very much looking forward to visiting China and better learning the language!_Yair reshef,_ An art technologist and educator, consulting some of the leading art and design institutes in Israel. In this capacity I help promote creative technology in the arts and vise verse. A recent such example is fabrication of an hepatic car wheel for a year long collaboration between Bezalel academy of Arts and General motors. as an educator I give workshops and help people experience rapid prototyping of electronics and code. My students ranging from small kids to teachers and faculty. Coming from Israel, I keep a close watch on our start-up culture, and am always amazed by the power of a few committed talents to bring things to be._Simon Schubert_ , I'm an EE major converted to Computer Science PhD student, currently studying in Lausanne, Switzerland. While doing my EE studies, I balanced myself by being a developer for the DragonFly BSD Operating System; now that I'm doing Computer Science, I picked up electronics as a hobby. Besides being a member of our local hackerspace, I am a (inactive) HAM radio operator and I keep dismantling and hacking various electronic and mechanical items in my house. My latest venture is a cheap, compact and powerful microcontroller development platform, the MC HCK (http://mchck.org). Simon will be giving a talk on micro controller hacks_Jacob Rosenthal_, I'm a freelance embedded and erstwhile web and database developer. I've spent the last two years founding and educating at the Phoenix Arizona hackerspace HeatSync Labs where I am still on the board of directors. My personal interests include body computing and modification, 3d printing, and electronics. I am passionate about making the future practical. Jacob will be giving a talk on 3D implants!**Recent changes at XinCheJian**Membership is now Just 100rmb per month per member, for an additional 200rmb a month you can also store your projects/stuff in the space in a box that does not exceed 50x50x30cm, you can contribute more money if you want as a donation. Failure to pay membership will result in your junk being stored at XinCheJian becoming a donation to the space. XinCheJian will no longer offer community parts but instead sell them in sets, for example 10 resistors for 1rmb to cut down on waste and mess. Members will have access to the space and the tools, strangers must be accompanied by a member at all times and will be responsible for that friend during that period at XinCheJian. For Full details see <http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/>Policy or <http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Policy/zh> \[:\]\]\]> \[:\]
