---
id: 4027
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 21/11/2012
date: 2012-11-21 13:41:33
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 21/11/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-21112012
---

## error
The service is receiving too many requests from you

## code
 <!\[CDATA\[\[:en\]

# 11月21日周三开放日更新

Due to last weeks unfortunate event we had to cancel the Kinect workshop, its always good to register for events as this time we were able to contact almost everyone before they headed out, unfortunately Patrick's stay is coming to an end and he's off soon, so drop in and say hi! when he's back lets hope he'll do some more awesome workshops. Tonight: we have Kelvin from Shanghai Ureal a large scale 3D printing house that wants to print your stuff! and hopefully a special announcement from Lucio on the "build your own 3D printer" workshop coming up! We have an open spot this evening for ad-hoc presentation so feel free to take the stage, just announce yourself upon arrival so we can prepare things in advance.\[:zh\]

# 11月21日周三开放日更新

Due to last weeks unfortunate event we had to cancel the Kinect workshop, its always good to register for events as this time we were able to contact almost everyone before they headed out, unfortunately Patrick's stay is coming to an end and he's off soon, so drop in and say hi! when he's back lets hope he'll do some more awesome workshops.

Tonight: we have Kelvin from Shanghai Ureal a large scale 3D printing house that wants to print your stuff! and hopefully a special announcement from Lucio on the "build your own 3D printer" workshop coming up!

We have an open spot this evening for ad-hoc presentation so feel free to take the stage, just announce yourself upon arrival so we can prepare things in advance.

\[:\]\]\]> \[:\]
