---
id: 4220
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 23/01/2013
date: 2013-01-23 13:50:55
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 23/01/2013
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-23012013
---

## error
The service is receiving too many requests from you

## code
 <!\[CDATA\[

# 1月23日周三开放日更新

Thanks to the anonymous donations this week to whoever you are, those new tools and pieces will be put to good use! This weekend we had some great events, from DorkBot to "I'm a brave robot" workshop. Just a quick note: this weekend on Saturday morning the scouts are coming! from 9am til 12noon - you might want to lay in bed a little longer as they will be cutting, drilling, hammering around the space. Also it's been pointed out that XinCheJian Wednesdays has been a little bit commercial, there's no excuse and we're sorry for this, i'd like to reinforce that presenters are either sent [http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Wednesday-guidelines](http://xinchejian.us5.list-manage.com/track/click?u=98ab15cb868dfa090df3d6f81&id=6a9a772546&e=a21af6164b "this page") or informed in person, suggestions welcome for dealing with these situations on the mailing list [xinchejian@googlegroups.com](mailto:xinchejian@googlegroups.com?subject=commercial%20presentors%20) 

### Summary for Wednesday/本周三开放日综述

MaT - Chromaphase, is going to present some "candy for your eyes". Lu Yang is a new media artist, This talented Shanghainese girl will show off some of her work and is also looking for like-minded, capable people for Augmented Reality projects. 曹锟 (Cao Kun) is working on a RGB color cube and will present it this evening.

# Wednesday Presenters/本周演讲者介绍

MaT a french artist-designer from Paris. Is doing 3d Mapping, VJing live shows with music artists, dj from around the world, he's worked with Huawei Mobile R&D running a Team in UI and GUI for mobile phones, now he's a freelancer working on digital projects involving live music, arts and interactive design, tonight he's going to unveil his 3D mapping live! and talk about some upcoming projects. Lu Yang, This girl has a commendable list of exhibitions, she graduated in 2010 with an M.A in New media arts from the China Academy of Art and lives in shanghai, her work is set to shock and inspire at the same time.. take a look at her site: [http://luyang.asia](http://xinchejian.us5.list-manage.com/track/click?u=98ab15cb868dfa090df3d6f81&id=66446ac36c&e=a21af6164b) my favorites are under "Family DIY teaching graphics" - watch out, you might loose your lunch!

\]\]> 
