---
id: 4665
title: Group Buy - Doodle bot and competition
date: 2013-05-17 17:57:08
author: 7
group: Group Buy - Doodle bot and competition
post_name: group-buy-doodle-bot-and-competition
---

## error
The service is receiving too many requests from you

## code
 <!\[CDATA\[\[:zh\]There's a group buy happening right now! and a competition going on! Dagu electronics has announced a competition: use a doodlebot to make the most awesome drawing to compete for prizes, plenty of prizes to be won! read about it here: <http://letsmakerobots.com/node/37126>Lutz a long time member of XinCheJian has contacted them since we're in china and negotiated a great deal if we do a group buy, our target.. at least 20 pieces and our price.. 198rmb/each if you want to get a doodle bot and not participate in the competition instead that's fine! but if you want to get in on the competition, then it's even more awesome! here is more information about the competition: <http://letsmakerobots.com/node/37175>Sign up to the XinCheJian google group (email [xinchejian+subscribe@googlegroups.com](mailto:xinchejian+subscribe@googlegroups.com)), Send an email to [xinchejian@googlegroups.com](mailto:xinchejian@googlegroups.com?subject=programming+competition) titled "programming competition" with the words "i Pledge to buy X amount of Doodlebots if we succeed in our group buy" then get ready to send 198rmb to a group buy alipay account or drop into XinCheJian and hand over the cash to a staff member! Lets put a deadline of May 22nd on this so we can hack the doodlebot sooner than later. Do not transfer or pay until Lutz gives us the word via email and verify it by checking http://xinchejian.com website. Once the pledge is made, you're on the hook for the cash!\[:en\]There's a group buy happening right now! and a competition going on! Dagu electronics has announced a competition: use a doodlebot to make the most awesome drawing to compete for prizes, plenty of prizes to be won! read about it here: <http://letsmakerobots.com/node/37126>Lutz a long time member of XinCheJian has contacted them since we're in china and negotiated a great deal if we do a group buy, our target.. at least 20 pieces and our price.. 198rmb/each if you want to get a doodle bot and not participate in the competition instead that's fine! but if you want to get in on the competition, then it's even more awesome! here is more information about the competition: <http://letsmakerobots.com/node/37175>Sign up to the XinCheJian google group (email [xinchejian+subscribe@googlegroups.com](mailto:xinchejian+subscribe@googlegroups.com)), Send an email to [xinchejian@googlegroups.com](mailto:xinchejian@googlegroups.com?subject=programming+competition) titled "programming competition" with the words "i Pledge to buy X amount of Doodlebots if we succeed in our group buy" then get ready to send 198rmb to a group buy alipay account or drop into XinCheJian and hand over the cash to a staff member! Lets put a deadline of May 22nd on this so we can hack the doodlebot sooner than later. Do not transfer or pay until Lutz gives us the word via email and verify it by checking http://xinchejian.com website. Once the pledge is made, you're on the hook for the cash!\[:\]\]\]> \[:\]
