---
id: 5821
title: Busy week for Helper and Assistive device group
date: 2013-08-13 19:36:08
author: 20
group: Busy week for Helper and Assistive device group
post_name: busy-week-for-helper-and-assistive-device-group
---

## error
The service is receiving too many requests from you

## code
 <!\[CDATA\[\[:zh\]Helper Sessions and Assistive Devices group is growing, another new member joined last week and is learning Arduino - from blinking LED to accelerometer! A big feature was added to the air-mouse - a virtual mouse button. The virtual button (gesture) is controlled by horizontal shaking as seen in the video. You can also see the mouse control needs a little fine tuning. [Code is is on github](https://github.com/xinchejian/AssistiveDevices/tree/master/FreeIMU%5Finertial%5Fmouse%5Fleonardo%5FTeensy "Virtual button air-mouse code."). The Helper sessions are about sharing and learning anything. The Assistive devices are used as one focus for learning. If you would like to join in and just explore a big range of hardware including the new Xadow, a wearable Arduino, that has eight add on modules and a wearable frame to mount the modules inside, all just shipped directly from the SeeedStudio research lab - hence at least one minor issue to fix. There are also bluetooth devices, 3D printing, eyetracking and heaps of code to write, so come and join in Thursday night from 7:30, no experience required, just Xinchejian membership. Group members also arrange to meet at other times, so make contact directly or via the mailing list to arrange! Several wiki updates including this [new page](http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Tasks%5F-%5Fprogress%5Fupdates%5F%26%5FHelp%5Fwanted "Things to do!") for heaps more good stuff to work on! More information is [here ](http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Assistive%5FDevices "Assistive Devices")and [here](http://xinchejian.com/2013/07/05/helper-sessions-at-xinchejian/ "Helper sessions").\[:en\] Helper Sessions and Assistive Devices group is growing, another new member joined last week and is learning Arduino - from blinking LED to accelerometer! A big feature was added to the air-mouse - a virtual mouse button. The virtual button (gesture) is controlled by horizontal shaking as seen in the video. You can also see the mouse control needs a little fine tuning.[Code is is on github](https://github.com/xinchejian/AssistiveDevices/tree/master/FreeIMU%5Finertial%5Fmouse%5Fleonardo%5FTeensy "Virtual button air-mouse code."). The Helper sessions are about sharing and learning anything. The Assistive devices are used as one focus for learning. If you would like to join in and just explore a big range of hardware including the new Xadow, a wearable Arduino, that has eight add on modules and a wearable frame to mount the modules inside, all just shipped directly from the SeeedStudio research lab - hence at least one minor issue to fix. There are also bluetooth devices, 3D printing, eyetracking and heaps of code to write, so come and join in Thursday night from 7:30, no experience required, just Xinchejian membership. Group members also arrange to meet at other times, so make contact directly or via the mailing list to arrange! Several wiki updates including this [new page](http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Tasks%5F-%5Fprogress%5Fupdates%5F%26%5FHelp%5Fwanted "Things to do!") for heaps more good stuff to work on! More information is [here ](http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Assistive%5FDevices "Assistive Devices")and [here](http://xinchejian.com/2013/07/05/helper-sessions-at-xinchejian/ "Helper sessions").\[:\]\]\]> \[:\]
