---
id: 7466
title: William Kim Internship Review
date: 2015-07-28 16:36:38
author: 4
group: William Kim Internship Review
post_name: william-kim-internship-review
---

## error
The service is receiving too many requests from you

## code
 <!\[CDATA\[XinCheJian (新车间) had the pleasure to welcome William Kim, an high school student at [SMIC Private School](http://www.smic-school.cn/), as a [XinCheJian intern](http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Internships) to our space for over 100 hours between July 15th and July 27th 2015 at our Hero Center location (Jing'an, Shanghai). XinCheJian is a community space focused on technology that provides its members with a space to work on their project, Internet access, tools and components in an atmosphere focused on making. As the space sees heavy use daily by members, it's essential for us to have people in charge of the space to help and interns are very appreciated in that role. In school, William had already shown great leadership being president of both the computer sciences and the sciences club. He's planning on pursuing studies in Computer Sciences or Electronic Engineering abroad so was looking for a volunteer internship relevant to his interests. To that end, he already acquired skills in programming and Arduino microcontrollers which are very useful within an Hackerspace. William first took on the [space as a project](http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/TheSpaceIsTheProject) in itself, completing over 50 different individual tasks. Increasing entropy is a natural state of things, especially in an hackerspace that sees many projects and many contributions. Regular cleaning and sorting is required to get the handle on the chaos. First set of tasks he took on covered a massive and much needed cleaning and installing of new shelves to allow better sorting of the electronics components that followed. Another good organization innovation was the [labeling of the rental storage boxes](http://xinchejian.com/2015/07/18/labels-on-the-storage-boxes%EF%BC%81/) to track usage. Another significant tasks was around XinCheJian computers: from testing the donated computers to making sure that as many of them were functional with Internet access. In addition, he's taken the initiative in promoting the space through videos and welcoming personally members to the space, introducing them to the hackerspace. He signed up 7 new members to the space. He also supported the [Arduino workshops organized by Yu, another intern](http://xinchejian.com/2015/07/25/%E5%A4%8F%E6%97%A5%E9%87%8C%E7%9A%84arduino%E5%B7%A5%E4%BD%9C%E5%9D%8A-%E7%83%AD%E6%83%85%E6%BB%A1%E6%BB%A1-enthusiastic-summer-day-arduino-workshop/). William's contributions, completing his Objectives and Key Results set at the start at 100%, have made the space more efficient and a better working space for all makers. William's work ethics, knowledge and initiative were impressive and all the senior members that have worked with him believe he has a bright future ahead of him.\]\]> 
