---
id: 7489
title: Yu Sun&#039;s Intern Report
date: 2015-08-21 21:27:03
author: 34
group: Yu Sun&#039;s Intern Report
post_name: yu-suns-intern-report
---

## error
The service is receiving too many requests from you

## code
 <!\[CDATA\[During the past one month, I was doing a co-intern at DFRobot and XCJ. The one month passed extremely fast, bringing and end to my summer vacation. The intern in DFRobot and XCJ have different focuses. In DFRobot, I spent most time learning Arduino, fixing bugs, and writing report. It gives me a more detailed picture of how work in real life looks like. By studying more sample codes and learning to read product wikis by myself. I have a better idea on how to write clearer code and instructions. People in DFRobot are also pretty cool and nice to talk to and ask questions to. More excitingly, I get chances to develop my own projects, and write tutorials to make them open-source so that anyone interests can try making them by themselves or modifying based on their needs. While in XCJ, my role is more like a teacher. I gave three Arduino Beginner's Workshops in series to help more people who are interested in Arduino. Although I don't think myself as a teacher. For me, people who came to the workshops are more like friends and people who I can learn from. I encountered several problems that I never met myself when using Arduino. What's more important, meeting new people and seeing that those people are enjoying things I like are pretty fascinating. In all, I feel I make one of the smartest decision to reach to Ricky about 1 month ago. Thank you Ricky for helping me identify my goals and introduce me to DFRobot. And Jane as my mentor in DFRobot. Thank you for your trust and little gift :) I will surely revisit DFRobot and XCJ when I am back to Shanghai in the future.\]\]> 
