---
id: 1084
title: Dorkbot Shanghai #4
date: 2011-06-03 23:57:19
author: 3
group: Dorkbot Shanghai #4
post_name: dorkbot-shanghai-4
---

XinCheJian is proud to host Dorkbot Shangahi #4 on Sunday May 29th. Dorkbot is a group of affiliated organizations worldwide that sponsor grassroots meetings of artists, engineers, designers, scientists, inventors, and anyone else working under the very broad umbrella of electronic art. The dorkbot motto is "people doing strange things with electricity".

There were 4 artists who presented their work:

**Wu Juehui** // Juehui is a New Media Artist. In recent years, Wu Juehui operates on the potential interface between art and science, between body and media in close collaboration with research institutes for neural engineering, automatic control and computer graphics.

**Harald Haraldsson** // Harald is the founder of Wonwei and presented some of their latest work, he also talked about how creative coding can be applied to computational design.

**Wang Changcun** // Media artist based in Hangzhou, with works exhibited in China, France, Netherlands and Belgium. He talked about his creative process using Max/MSP, Processing, and Flash.

**Jingni Wang** // Media artist based in Shanghai. She graduated from China Academy of Art, Intermedia Art Department and has completed artist residencies in Netherlands, Belgium, and China. Jingni Wang presented her wearable computing project called Lover's Instrument. She also talked about social sustainability.