---
id: 1115
title: Android &amp; Robots
date: 2011-06-08 10:50:39
author: 3
group: Android &amp; Robots
post_name: android-robots
---

Modern smartphones come equipped with a whole array of sensors (GPS, accelerometers, compass, etc.) and a CPU powerful enough to handle most advanced processing tasks, including image processing.  Their communication capabilities (Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, 3G) make them ideal for accessing large datasets and processing clusters elsewhere.  Compact and affordable due to mass production, smartphones are a versatile platform. The missing link for integrating smartphones with robots is the ability to interact with arbitrary hardware, such as controlling servos or reading sensor data. To address this, we're launching a workshop series introducing Android development, utilizing the Android Development Kit (SDK), Android Development Toolkit (ADT), and importantly, the Android Open Accessory Development Kit (ADK).  This allows interaction with external USB hardware in a special accessory mode.

> The Android 3.1 platform (and backported to Android 2.3.4) includes Android Open Accessory support.  External USB hardware (Android USB accessories) can connect to Android devices in accessory mode.  In this mode, the accessory acts as the USB host (powering and enumerating devices), while the Android device acts as the USB device. Android USB accessories are designed for Android devices and adhere to a simple protocol (Android accessory protocol) allowing them to detect compatible devices. 

Workshops are held weekly and cover both Android app development and microcontroller programming, encompassing mechanical, electrical, and software engineering aspects of robotics.  Specific hardware, such as the Google IOIO board or SeeedStudio offerings, will be used.  XinCheJian members in good standing can attend free of charge, while non-members pay 50 RMB per workshop. Visit the "Android & Robots" wiki for details: [https://github.com/xinchejian/XinCheJian-Workshops/wiki/Android-and-Robots-Workshops](https://github.com/xinchejian/XinCheJian-Workshops/wiki/Android-and-Robots-Workshops).  Please ensure you meet the prerequisites and subscribe to the android-robots mailing list: android-robots+subscribe@googlegroups.com.  Active participation is encouraged.