---
id: 1247
title: Weekly meetup on Wednesday
date: 2011-08-03 12:04:14
author: 4
group: Weekly meetup on Wednesday
post_name: weekly-meetup-on-wednesday
---

We have weekly meetup every week and open to all to discover a bit of what is going on in XinCheJian. Feel free to take the opportunity to visit us! We have a few things going on this evening. IF it's raining we're still hacking! so grab that umbrella and come on down, put down the TV remote or grab a TV-B-Gone kit and build it tonight from 7pm.. Access is free so come and hangout. TheNelson is running the 2nd part of [his workshop this weekend for the upcoming roborace](http://xinchejian.com/?page%5Fid=548®event%5Faction=register&event%5Fid=39&name%5Fof%5Fevent=Roboracing%20Workshop), after a good turn out last weekend for PCB design workshop our new H-Bridge shields for Arduino should be in this week just in time for putting them together and hacking on your Robot for the competition at this weekends workshop, so if you havn't got yourself a cheap R/C toy yet, start shopping on TAOBAO or come on down and talk to TheNelson for some winning ideas. Michael will be around tonight - the user-controlled champion of R/C toys if you want a good insight to how he done it and how he managed to literally "blow the competition away" with his tank. Michael just got back into the country, Jet lag wont stop this guy from hacking tonight, he's bringing with him a new CNC mill to put together - this will be awesome! So show your support and come on down to Meetup Wednesday tonight at 7pm at XinCheJian, [sign up and let us know you're coming](http://xinchejian.com/?page%5Fid=548®event%5Faction=register&event%5Fid=40&name%5Fof%5Fevent=Hackers%20Meetup)!