---
id: 1503
title: wednesday meetup - Free @ XinCheJian 7 - 9 pm
date: 2011-09-21 13:50:23
author: 7
group: wednesday meetup - Free @ XinCheJian 7 - 9 pm
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9-pm
---

Hello to all the Enthusiasts and hackers out there, come join us this evening for a jam packed 2 hours, so get up off the couch and make a difference. As always, hacking wednesdays is open to the public, if you'd like to support the space and help us continue hacking Wednesdays feel free to donate either cash or buy products from XinCheJian (even drinks!), only your support will help us sustain the space. Mitch Altman kits are still in stock, jump on those before it's too late, learn how to make the LED cube using multiplexing and learn how to solder.

# ==== Hacking Wednesdays ====

If you want to try your robot in this weekends race and have yet to finish it or build one, dont fear, come down to XinCheJian tonight and buy a R/C car like rickys 70rmb, rip the guts out and replace it with an Arduino 180rmb, theNelsons h-bridge shield 50rmb and 2 ultra sonic sensors 35rmb.. everything you need is in the space, not only will you be a hacker but you'll learn some awesome skills while you do it. Tonight Min Lin and Ricky will be around to share stories from their recent hacking journeys. Get an insight into processing. we have a special guest coming down who'll be setting up a processing workshop, find out whats involved tonight. Michael (RubberDucky) will be drilling into the walls to setup some computer benches, and also hooking up his mega-super-awesome-button-box for the new restricted toys (lathes, mills, bandsaw, drill) Paul will be discussing the lock-picking study with interested participants. Lio will be figuring out how he's going to do the bamboo go-kart with those interested for the ben heck challenge (find out more tonight) and how you can be involved. After the event around 9pm the hackers will take to the tracks for some go-karting "research" at Chang Feng park indoor race track for some super awesome driving skills "bring a head mounted camera" If you thought this Wednesday is fun, wait for the weekend..

# ==== This Weekend ====

Saturday - all day: Organic waste workshop.. find out how to make bio-diesel, sign up and more information here: http://xinchejian.com/event/?regevent_action=register&event_id=55&name_of_event=OrganicWasteRecyclingWorkshop Saturday afternoon - 5 presentations from XinCheJian will be delivered at _Barcamp_ Shanghai so come and show your support for xinchejian.. sign up and more information here: http://techyizu.org/shanghai-barcamp-2011-september-24 Sunday morning - Ardublock workshop.. never programmed in arduino before? use ardublock to visually program. sign up here: http://xinchejian.com/event/?regevent_action=register&event_id=58&name_of_event=ArduBlockWorkshop Sunday afternoon - Robo Racing championship, find out if the Title stays with XinCheJian for a 3rd victory, find out if anyone can take on theNelsons or mindstorm robots! Man vs Machine will Machine win again! Sign up here: http://xinchejian.com/event/?regevent_action=register&event_id=57&name_of_event=RoboracingCompetition