---
id: 181
title: Autonomous Robot Toy Car Project
date: 2010-12-19 13:04:28
author: 4
group: Autonomous Robot Toy Car Project
post_name: autonomous-robot-toy-car-project
---

I bought an [RC car from Taobao](http://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=7905841099) at the extremely cheap price of 67RMB (shipping included! 10$USD!)! For that price, you get an RC remote, a rechargeable Ni-Cd 400mAh/6V battery pack, the radio transmitter (27.145Mhz). Wheels have rubber, autonomy and range is decent although the chassis is very very cheap plastic obviously. The downsides: on wood floor, it tends to spin so any autonomous program would need to constantly adjust based on sensor (distance ranging) input. It also has propulsion motors on a simple shock so the base isn’t totally flat with the ground. The transmitter needed two AA batteries (not included!) so on Friday I ran out late at night to buy a pair of them (6RMB) and went on an excursion in the cold night to acquire a bunch of precision screwdrivers (25RMB, although really they’re worth 15). Pretty difficult achievement since this is after 9pm on a Friday night! While charging the battery, I used my new screwdrivers and removed the plastic cover. I also took a look at the electronics for the transmitter. The transmitter is very simple, with 4 contact switches, what I assume is a Pulse Modulation IC, a couple of capacitors and resistances. The way an RC transmitter works is described informatively on "[How Stuff Works](http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/rc-toy2.htm)". As an hack, I hook up the four switches to each emitter pin of a ULN2803APG (a simple IC that is basically 8 NPN transistors) with the base controlled by the Arduino itself. This lets me control the car with a very simple program to test Forward, Backward, Left and Right. The challenges ahead: 1) finding a distance ranging solutions The robot needs to know how far walls and various objects are… a) either IR ([Sharp IR](http://www.acroname.com/robotics/info/articles/sharp/sharp.html)) The GP2Y0A700 looks like one with the longest range, but it’s also very expensive (around 50$USD). The next one, GP2Y0A02, is about 15$USD with a range of 20cm-150cm. I probably want a bunch (3?) so I this is probably more cost effective. b) or ultrasonic (such as the [Parallax Ping](http://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=4130599681) or [SeeedStudio Ultrasonic Range Measurement module](http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/ultra-sonic-range-measurement-module-p-626.html?cPath=84%5F90&zenid=93540aaf65d1a2170d41992feec85547)) c) probably a combination of them 2) need to mount the Arduino, a breadboard and the sensors on the car. This will probably require a custom aluminium plate that I can mount using the screwholes that were used for the plastic cover. 3) Figuring out how to control the motors. Two ways; a) remove the current control board and substitute my own. This means an H-bridge that would let me control the motors both ways (Texas Instruments L293NE or Texas Instruments SN754410) b) create my own RC transmitter. I’m favoring (b) right now and I went out to buy a bunch of 27.145Mhz crystals at electronics town (10RMB for 8!) 