---
id: 1930
title: Roborace today
date: 2011-11-27 23:12:52
author: 11
group: Roborace today
post_name: roborace-today
---

Today's robot race might be the last regular race of this year, as the new season will start in January next year due to the upcoming holidays. In this competition, DFRobot sent Ricky with his HCR robot and Rockets' tank robot, Paul's Jungle King and Ziyou's crocodile robot to participate. Ziyou's crocodile robot (built using Lego robots) was incredibly brave, maintaining the manual group's video transmission method using FaceTime, but unfortunately, there were some control issues, so it did not perform well this time. Paul's Jungle King (modified from a toy car) still maintained its fast and agile characteristics, and its stability has also improved, but it had some bad luck. I believe that if it weren't for the luck factor, Paul might have succeeded. Rockets' tank robot (PR5 chassis + Arduino) hasn't been in action for a long time, and its performance in this competition was clearly not very good; there were some program issues. I will share the competition program and my strategy later for everyone to critique and provide suggestions. I am happy that my robot completed two laps in the race with the help of everyone. The HCR robot was the undisputed champion of this race, whether in terms of size, speed, or strategy, it was the most formidable competitor. In terms of remote operation experience, when the brightness is high, the video is basically unclear, and the effect is worse compared to FaceTime, but it did not hinder smooth operation. In short, we successfully won first place in this competition. Ricky personally operated the HCR robot after several years of absence, having a lot of fun. Congratulations to Ricky for winning the championship.