---
id: 2122
title: &quot;Cooking&quot; a product: 3 hungry hackers needed! (Chinese event)
date: 2011-12-13 13:49:15
author: 4
group: &quot;Cooking&quot; a product: 3 hungry hackers needed! (Chinese event)
post_name: cooking-a-product-3-hungry-hackers-needed
---

Recently, somewhere in Shanghai, there has been one question that has been discussed for a little while. What is the best way to connect very special people who never met before? After one brainstorming presentation at XinCheJian, a couple of private conversations,and 1 pasta diner in Shanxi Nan Lu powered by some glasses of wine...the answer quickly appeared to be a crazily simple metaphor: EATING! And here comes the NEW KITCHEN PROJECT! EVENT DESCRIPTION:
* "Cooking" session: Friday 16th December 2011 at 6:30pm
* "Chefs": 9 hackers, social entrepreneurs and designers.
* "Kitchen": XinCheJian hackerspace (address: Anhua Road No.76 suite 301, Changning District, Shanghai, near Jiangsu Road)
* Ingredients: some fresh seasonal hardware components carefully selected by XCJ
Creative Fusion Cuisine to be cooked: A Creative Product Prototyping! EVENT FORMAT:**Chinese event, 6:30pm- 10:30pm** 
* 6:30pm:
   * who is XCJ?
   * who is MakeSense?
   * Event presentation
   * Q&A
* 6:50 pm: chefs self introduction of 3 minutes each
* 7:15 pm: team formation (3 teams of 3 people:1 hacker, 1 social entrepreneur and 1 designer per team)
* 7:20pm : team building
* 7:45pm : cooking > go!
* 10:15pm : feedback (smiles, happiness and interviews)
* 10:30pm: closing of the kitchen
So for now: COOKING OR NOT COOKING,that’s the (real) question? ...Isn’t it?**3 hungry hackers needed, to participate please contact info@xinchejian.com**