---
id: 2221
title: Techyizu &amp; Xinchejian Spaghetti Bridge Competition Rule
date: 2012-01-09 22:45:50
author: 15
group: Techyizu &amp; Xinchejian Spaghetti Bridge Competition Rule
post_name: techyizu-xinchejian-spaghetti-bridge-competition-rule
---

Bridge building rules: 1. Each group is to build a bridge made from spaghetti and hot glue. The object is to construct a bridge that will carry the heaviest load while still meeting specifications. Bridges will be loaded until they fail. 2. The bridge is to be built from and only from the given materials: * 1 bag of spaghetti (500g) * 5 hot glue sticks * 1 metal hook for weight attachment * 2 hot glue guns that cannot be used in the bridge structure 3. The bridge shall be free-standing and must span two level surfaces which are 50 centimetres apart. 4. The edges of the level surfaces cannot be used in any way for support. 5. The bridge must incorporate the given metal hook as part of the structure. The testing weight would be attached to the hook. Any structure that forbids attachment of the testing weight would disqualify the bridge. 6. The maximum vertical depth of the bridge, from the highest point in its structure to the lowest cannot exceed 50 cm. 7. The highest point of the bridge cannot be higher than 40cm above the two level surfaces, the lowest point of the bridge cannot be lower than 20 cm below the two level surfaces. 8. Only the first 12 registered teams would be eligible to enter the competition, each team is allowed up to 4 participants. Judging rules: A. Any bridge that fails to stand on its own and span the two level surface would be disqualified. B. A spring weighting scale would be attached to the hook, and a empty bucket would be attached below the weighting scale. Any bridge that failed to support the weighting scale and bucket would be disqualified. C. Participants will be adding weight to the bridges themselves, judges would make recordings of the weight loaded. D. The last recorded weight from the spring weighting scale before the bridge structure fails would be counted as the result (total loaded weight) of that particular bridge. E. A bridge structure would be considered failed if: * Bridge fails to stay free standing between the two level surfaces * 50% of the bridge structure falls off from the main structure to the ground * The lowest point of the bridge is more than 10cm below its lowest point in free standing position F. Teams will be ranked on their result, the total loaded weight measured, bridge supports the most weight wins. G. The judge have the last undisputed say on the out come of the competition. Judge has the right to disqualify any team at any given time without any reason.