---
id: 2277
title: Dorkbot: JUE + XinCheJian = Art + Technology
date: 2012-01-14 22:46:22
author: 14
group: Dorkbot: JUE + XinCheJian = Art + Technology
post_name: dorkbot-jue-xinchejian-art-technology
---

About XinCheJianXinCheJian is an open community that attracts and gathers hardware experts, electronic artists, designers, DIY enthusiasts, and anyone who loves to tinker with things. In this experimental space, people can not only work together to dismantle and assemble various electronic and physical products with like-minded individuals, but also implement good designs and ideas together. XinCheJian and the 4th Jue Music + Art Festival will present an art and electronics collision feast from March 9th to 25th, 2012, and Dorkbot is the appetizer of this feast.What is Dorkbot?Dorkbot is a gathering of artists, inventors, and electronic enthusiasts, a platform for exchanging works, ideas, and technology in a relaxed atmosphere. In March 2012, XinCheJian and Jue will jointly host a Dorkbot themed "Art and Technology", inviting artists from Jue and you at the computer.Looking for PresentersBecome our Dorkbot speaker, you can:
* Show your work to everyone, giving them a chance to get to know you;
* Meet like-minded friends and build your own art (product) team;
* Attract exhibitors or investors interested in your work (products).
Besides speaking at Dorkbot, we also welcome you to hold workshops to allow everyone to better understand your work and technology through hands-on activities. *Please send your speaking topic and related work (products) to: info@xinchejian.com; *Please contact us as soon as possible to arrange the best schedule for you.Looking for SponsorsSponsorship can be in the form of _financial support_ or _donation of hardware_. Become our event sponsor, you can:
* Showcase your technology and products to artists and electronic enthusiasts at XinCheJian and Jue's Dorkbot;
* Allow artists and electronic enthusiasts to further understand your technology and products through workshops;
* Experience user experience firsthand, and promptly obtain feedback from potential users;
* Find future art or technology partners.
*For more information, please email: info@xinchejian.com; *Please contact us as soon as possible to arrange the best schedule for you.