---
id: 2371
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @XinCheJian - 7-9pm
date: 2012-02-01 12:17:11
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @XinCheJian - 7-9pm
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-3
---

Happy new year, welcome to the Year of the Dragon, to kick off this dragon year come on down to XinCheJian tonight from 7pm - 9pm, 301 - 76 An hua Lu.**Wednesday talks**Roger Mu will be giving a presentation on his hobby - Aquaponics, his past, present and future with hydroponics and he'll talk about is simple hand watered bucket system along with the continuous flow PVC pip system, some technical shots at flood and drain techniques along with deep water culture, come loaded with your questions Justin - the cofounder of Max Space, the Beijing Hackerspace and organizer of Maker carnival - a 3 day theme park built to be enjoyed by everyone young and old with some creative people building their ideas into reality - full of performances, workshops, talks, activities from April 29 to May 1, 2012! Arvind Gupta - famed for designing the DJammer which was used by P. Diddy at the MTV music awards, will be introducing himself to the community this evening with a talk on Creative Confidence and Design Thinking.**This week**电影制作入门工作坊 - Introduction to Filmmaking - 2012/02/04 (FULL) Jerome will be guiding this workshop from script writing filming and editing.. want to be involved but didn't make the signup, think you can act and want to be an extra.. send an email to the xinchejian@googlegroups.com mailing list. Op-Amps for Everybody! 运算放大器工作坊 - 2012/02/05 2pm-4pm Sean Boyce from Foulab Hackerspace is visiting and will be giving this easy workshop that will involve SMD techniques and you'll build your own guitar pickup! sign up here and learn something awesome.. http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=98**This Month**Processing课程 - 2012/02/11 By Great demand, Raven is at it again, this media artist will take you on an extensive and indepth tour and practical application with processing, sign up early here: http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=100 机器车竞赛 - Roboracing Competition - 2012/02/26 Robo racing is opening on the 26th for the opening race, if you're building at home it'll be a left hand race sign up before the race so we have an idea who is racing, participation is free. Line followers, autonomous and user controlled all welcome, keep an eye out for more information on this.. http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=96**Volunteer Jobs at XinCheJian**As a Volunteer you'll earn your membership, you'll also be expected to join Tuesday Staff meetings from 7-9pm. Only apply if you're serious. Without the generosity of the current volunteers, sharing tasks in their free time, it would be near impossible to keep XinCheJian alive. *Treasurer* As the Treasurer you'll be responsible for.. treasure. you need to <strike>have your own calculator</strike> we'll provide you a calculator. the following are what you'll need to handle on a monthly basis. - Income/Outgoing spread sheets - Look after the donation box - Organizes the rent and bills from the bank account - We'll even send you to business accounting with the government (we'll pay for this) - Kind reminders to members to pay their membership dues *Journalists* A Journalist will be expected to write at least 1 article a week on a topic of whats going on inside XinCheJian, you pick a project and review it, can be a few hours an evening writing and a few hours in the day interviewing. - you'll be given an account on xinchejian.com - You will need a camera - English or Chinese - or both is encouraged - confident and outgoing - get as much information possible from people in the shortest amount of time.