---
id: 2620
title: Tonight - Wednesday 7-9pm - Free @ XinCheJian
date: 2012-03-07 13:30:12
author: 7
group: Tonight - Wednesday 7-9pm - Free @ XinCheJian
post_name: tonight-wednesday-7-9pm-free-xinchejian
---

A quick thank you to all the friends and presenters of XinCheJian who managed to make it to Occupy Barcamp, We had an Epic turnout and XinCheJian really did a great job to Occupy Barcamp in Shanghai this year, find out how we're taking it up a notch and heading to capital to Occupy the Maker Faire next month. This weekend is the start of the Jue Festival dedicated to Music, Arts and Technology that XinCheJian is involved in and supporting all through the hard-work of Ziyun Peng.

# Tonight's Presentations

We have Derek Zhang coming down from his hobbyist store and bringing some things that he's developed, last week he showed us some videos of boat racers able to hit 90km/h and copters of sorts - flying stunt patterns, he has a strong footing in the shanghai R/C crowd and invites us all to come play. Susan Evans From GoodToChina will be talking about the upcoming Eco Design Fair along with their two exhibits around Sustainable Build and Urban Farming and how you can get involved through XinCheJian and GoodToChina

# This week

JUE + Xinchejian = Art + Technology - 2012/03/10 Sign up here for a 10rmb discount: http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=109 － OSC6 Make Your Own Sound Synthesizer! - OSC6 - 2012/03/11 Build your own synthesizer in a day! Sign up here: http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=106

# Coming up soon

Hologram Cocktail - Workshop Guide to Augmented Reality Technology : Mar.17th (Sat.) 1:00P.M. - 4:00P.M. (13 spaces availabe) Register here to get a 30RMB discount：http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=113 Milkymist One Live Video Synthesizer Workshop: Mar.17th (Sat.) 5:00P.M. - 8:00P.M. (1 space availabe) Please register here：http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=107

# A quick blurb about XinCheJian

XinCheJian is a community run hackerspace located in the heart of Shanghai, without your support we would not be able to keep the space alive and in the same form as it is today, think about giving back in any way you can and help alleviate the financial responsibilities. We have starter memberships from 300rmb a month with most members opting to take out a 500rmb membership a month to support the community, by being a member you'll get access to the space whenever and workshops at the lessor price, we even have Startup memberships for people looking to build a business and gain access to the space and tools during 9-5 office hours.

# Volunteer Jobs at XinCheJian

As a Volunteer you'll earn your membership, you'll also be expected to join Staff meetings at least once a month. Only apply if you're serious. Without the generosity of the current volunteers and sharing tasks in their free time, it would be near impossible to keep XinCheJian alive.**Treasurer**As the Treasurer you'll be responsible for.. treasure. you need to~~have your own calculator~~ we'll provide you a calculator. the following are what you'll need to handle on a monthly basis. - Income/Outgoing spread sheets - Look after the donation box - Organizes the rent and bills from the bank account - We'll even send you to business accounting with the government (we'll pay for this) - Kind reminders to members to pay their membership dues**Journalists**A Journalist will be expected to write at least 1 article a week on a topic of whats going on inside XinCheJian, you pick a project and review it, can be a few hours an evening writing and a few hours in the day interviewing. - you'll be given an account on xinchejian.com - You will need a camera - English or Chinese - or both is encouraged - confident and outgoing - get as much information possible from people in the shortest amount of time.