---
id: 2766
title: Portraits of Makers: Stephany Xu
date: 2012-03-23 19:03:59
author: 2
group: Portraits of Makers: Stephany Xu
post_name: portraits-of-makers-stephany-xu
---

# Stephany Xu
1. Who are you? Stephany Xu
2. What do you do? I do Retail Design and Development.
3. What inspires you? Individuals pursuing their passions inspires me. Efficient and elegant designs/systems.
4. What attracts you to the space/what do you like about the space? You feel at ease in Xinchejian, everyone is genuinely passionate and always up for doing something fun and helping each other.
5. What do you want to do/accomplish/learn/share/experience? I want to create/build something that can be shared. I also want to build a giant robotic mimosa plant.
6. If there is only one thing you could share with people, what would it be? Hm..I would share my experience of how I discovered my passion and the personal growth and rewards that come from it.
7. Tell us a secret.. one you haven't told anyone else? Awesomely rendered parametric designs have brought tears to my eyes.
8. Who's your idol? I don’t really have a particular idol, but i idolize people who are passionate about something and have a genuine drive that is unyielding to any kind of social or practical convention. They do what they love and it shows.
9. Where would you rate yourself on a geeky slider? (or nerdy if you are that way) I am medium geek/nerd..I would say I’m a 5 out of 10 at best. There is way more things for me to learn before I can put myself in the ranks of the greats. I’m just a girl with a hobby/interest.