---
id: 2890
title: Wednesday - 3pm @ XinCheJian - Rocketships!
date: 2012-04-03 16:15:25
author: 7
group: Wednesday - 3pm @ XinCheJian - Rocketships!
post_name: wednesday-3pm-xinchejian-rocketships
---

This will be the _last Wednesday in the old space_, given that it's a holiday we're adjusting the time to be able to bring you an explosive get together during the day, read on for more. Just a quick reminder, we kindly ask that those with "stuff" in XinCheJian remove it before the 8th and anything left behind will be considered a donation, if you would like to help with the moving we'll have a packing party on the 7th, send an message on Weibo or here if you'd like to help out.**Wednesday presentations** Wednesday will start at 3:00pm **not** 7pm due to the speakers availability and the holiday, this is a _one time only_ and we will return to the regular time next week.Markus Bindhammer http://sugarshot.org/ ,from Germany is an enthusiastic experimental Rocketeer, amateur chemist, technician and mathmatician residing in Shanghai, Markus and his team Selene was a former Google lunar X Prize competitor. Markus will be talking about "Experimental Rockets", this will be explosive and Captivating, a great way to start moving to space with the best foot forward or rocket. We've just got word over the hackerspace wire that the joint space program proposal to Darpa is entering negotiations for a potential contract award, good job and fingers crossed to those involved.**Coming up soon** - Arduino for Total Newbies - 2012/04/14 - http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=112 Mitch Altman is going to be visiting us and running Arduino for Total Newbies! not only are you going to learn about programming Arduino's but you're also going to make your own Arduino! all in 3 hours! *this event is filling up faster than we could imagine, go sign up now*. - Roboracing Competition - 2012/04/22 - http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=110 Are you ready!? Line followers, Autonomous'rs and remote specialists, take part in the 2nd race of this year, come show us what you're made of! the 2012/04 track has been published on the wiki and demo'd at Barcamp! http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/RoboRacing Processing class (English instructions) - 2012/04/28 - http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=114 Finally, given the huge success of the Ravens Processing classes in chinese, he's -beenforced- agreed to run the class in English! he is doing some awesome stuff.**A quick blurb about XinCheJian**XinCheJian is a community run hackerspace located in the heart of Shanghai, without your support with time, workshops, donations and memberships we would not be able to keep the space alive and in the same form as it is today, think about giving back in any way you can and help alleviate the financial responsibilities. We have starter memberships from 300rmb a month with most members opting to take out a 500rmb membership a month to support the community, by being a member you'll get access to the space whenever and workshops at the component price, we even have startup memberships for people looking to build a business and gain access to the space and tools at off hours.**Volunteer Jobs at XinCheJian**As a Volunteer you'll earn your membership, you'll also be expected to joinStaff meetings at least once a month. Only apply if you're serious. Without the generosity of the current volunteers and sharing tasks in their free time, it would be near impossible to keep XinCheJian alive._Treasurer_As the Treasurer you'll be responsible for.. treasure. you need to have your own calculator we'll provide you a calculator. the following are what you'll need to handle on a monthly basis. - Income/Outgoing spread sheets - Look after the donation box - Organizes the rent and bills from the bank account - We'll even send you to business accounting with the government (we'll pay for this) - Kind reminders to members to pay their membership dues_Journalists_A Journalist will be expected to write at least 1 article a week on a topic of whats going on inside XinCheJian, you pick a project and review it, can be a few hours an evening writing and a few hours in the day interviewing. - you'll be given an account on xinchejian.com - You will need a camera - English or Chinese - or both is encouraged - confident and outgoing - get as much information possible from people in the shortest amount of time.