---
id: 3010
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ the NEW XinCheJian - 7-9pm
date: 2012-04-25 11:47:45
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ the NEW XinCheJian - 7-9pm
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-the-new-xinchejian-7-9pm
---

XinCheJian is still under construction but that won't stop us from keeping up with our promise of a Wednesday meetup. We still don't have lights, but eventually we will. For those attending the Maker Carnival in Beijing this weekend, tonight is for you.  Time to finalize any projects you're taking.  Just don't forget to clean up!  7pm - Free @ XinCheJian 2.0, 1035 Changle Rd, 2nd floor - Shanghai Xuhui District, Changle Rd 1035, 2nd floor.  See map & directions here: http://xinchejian.com/contact-us/?lang=zh

=Wednesday Presenters=
No presentations scheduled for tonight.

=Coming up soon=
Processing class (English instructions) - 2012/04/28 - http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=114  Postponed. If interested, please email mlhsie@gmail.com

=Recent changes at XinCheJian=
Membership is now only 100 RMB per month per member.  For an additional 200 RMB per month, you can store your projects/items in the space in a box not exceeding 50x50x30cm.  Donations are welcome. Failure to pay membership will result in your items becoming a donation to the space.
XinCheJian will no longer offer individual parts, but instead will sell them in sets (e.g., 10 resistors for 1 RMB) to reduce waste and mess.
Members have access to the space and tools. Strangers must be accompanied by a member at all times, and the member is responsible for the stranger during that visit.  Full details: http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Policy or http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Policy/zh

=A quick blurb about XinCheJian=
XinCheJian is a community-run hackerspace in the heart of Shanghai. Your time, workshops, donations, and memberships are vital to keeping the space alive and thriving.  Please consider giving back in any way you can.

=Volunteer Jobs at XinCheJian=
Volunteers earn membership and are expected to attend staff meetings at least monthly.  Apply only if serious.

*Treasurer*
Responsibilities include:
* Income/outgoing spreadsheets
* Donation box management
* Bank account (rent & bills)
* Government business accounting training (provided by XinCheJian)
* Reminders to members about membership dues

*Journalists*
Responsibilities include:
* Writing at least 1 article/week on XinCheJian activities
* Selecting and reviewing a project
* Interviewing individuals
* XinChejian.com account
* Camera required
* English &/or Chinese language proficiency
* Confident and outgoing personality
* Collecting information efficiently
