---
id: 3029
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 02/05/2012
date: 2012-05-02 12:29:30
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 02/05/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-02052012
---

XinCheJian space is moving along, not entirely finished as the dust is still settling but we're doing it again tonight! Most, if not all of the participants are back from the Beijing Maker-carnival the first of its kind, some interesting pieces! and XinCheJian done well with a hackerbooth and a permanent piece, taking all the workshops from shanghai and a few new ones for them up north! Tonight we're open but not unpacked, we have lights, but no light switches and we have power but no power sockets. 7pm - free @ XinCheJian 2.0 1035 Changle Rd, 2nd floor - 上海徐汇区长乐路1035号2楼 see here for a map and directions: http://xinchejian.com/contact-us/?lang=zh =Wednesday Presenters= Tonight we're going to hear a little from a few members of foulab in Canada who have formed Wyld Collective and are solving a few problems in Bangkok with a little twist that save lives and use local workforce! Lio from XinCheJian will be giving his view on the Gadgeteer an Arduino board compatible .net wielding device that has a processor that outdoes the Arduino and maybe a sneak-peak at his head counting application built on it. =Recent changes at XinCheJian= Membership is now Just 100rmb per month per member, for an additional 200rmb a month you can also store your projects/stuff in the space in a box that is no bigger than 50x50x30cm, you can contribute more money if you want as a donation. Failure to pay membership will result in your junk being stored at XinCheJian becoming a donation to the space. XinCheJian will no longer offer community parts but instead sell them in sets, for example 10 resistors for 1rmb to cut down on waste. Members will have access to the space and the tools, strangers must be accompanied by a member at all times and will be responsible for that friend during that period at XinCheJian. For Full details see http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Policy or http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Policy/zh =A quick blurb about XinCheJian= XinCheJian is a community run hackerspace located in the heart of Shanghai, without your support with time, workshops, donations and memberships we would not be able to keep the space alive and in the same form as it is today, think about giving back in any way you can and help alleviate the financial burdens of those few who are funding the space. =Volunteer Jobs at XinCheJian= As a Volunteer you'll earn your membership, you'll also be expected to joinStaff meetings at least once a month. Only apply if you're serious. Without the generosity of the current volunteers and sharing tasks in their free time, it would be near impossible to keep XinCheJian alive. *Treasurer* As the Treasurer you'll be responsible for.. treasure. you need to <strike>have your own calculator</strike> we'll provide you a calculator. the following are what you'll need to handle on a monthly basis. - Income/Outgoing spread sheets - Look after the donation box - Organizes the rent and bills from the bank account - We'll even send you to business accounting with the government (we'll pay for this) - Kind reminders to members to pay their membership dues *Journalists* A Journalist will be expected to write at least 1 article a week on a topic of whats going on inside XinCheJian, you pick a project and review it, can be a few hours an evening writing and a few hours in the day interviewing. - you'll be given an account on xinchejian.com - You will need a camera - English or Chinese - or both is encouraged - confident and outgoing - get as much information possible from people in the shortest amount of time.