---
id: 3228
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 23/05/2012
date: 2012-05-23 12:37:07
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 23/05/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-23052012
---

A few updates from projects in XinCheJian at the moment, Edward, Lutz and the rest of the swarmbots team have been working late in the evenings on a daily basis and producing good results! Stephany helped to print the swarm player designed by Valentin (without the e). Valentin has been working on the Reprap over the weekend and this week, keep an eye out or an ear out for it printing. Paul has been working on the CNC mill, the computer has 8GB SSD thanks to Edward, which means it's quite fast! Resistors are now available, sorted by resistance, cut into sets of 10 and hung on the wall near the kitchen, that's 10 resistors for 1 RMB.  **Wednesday Presenters:** David Li, the Foreman of XinCheJian, and Roger Mu, will be kicking off the Hydroponics corner. A group is forming around hydroponics and aeroponics—let's see what seeds they'll plant first. Li Xiang, a Ph.D candidate from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, will be presenting his project and seeking help with an experience involving machine learning and robotics, along the lines of factory automation for docks. The rest of the evening will be filled with discussions and people working on projects. XinCheJian will be holding a young maker faire on June 2nd. If you'd like to help out or show your projects, please contact us.