---
id: 3272
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 06/06/2012
date: 2012-06-06 12:40:48
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 06/06/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-06062012
---

This last weekend we saw XinCheJian overflowing with kids during our kid-maker-faire! They got to see and do everything we do, well, almost everything! They used solder and hot glue, key ingredients in everything we do. Check out sandal making this Wednesday; just bring your own shoes you want to modify! 

**Wednesday Presenters:**

Rodolfo Cossovich from Rudy Bike Fame will present "Next Generation of Building Systems: Fab-Lab Compatibility." He'll talk about hardware parts designed for interconnection to build different devices and their applications.

The advent of affordable laser cutters, 3D printing, and free/open-source CAD software makes it easier than ever for people to get started and create things previously out of reach. We're rethinking and rebuilding a huge industry—from education in math, science, design, user skills, and manufacturing processes—with resources available at the touch of a button. Do you build once, or build to modify?  Don't miss this presentation!

Jim Hotary, director of Eastworks Innovation Center at Faurecia, will speak tonight about how they conduct R&D to create compelling user experiences.  Most of what they do is confidential, but we convinced him to share. He'll talk about SmartFit, the ergonomic phone app that adjusts your seat to the correct position for your body.