---
id: 3584
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 11/07/2012
date: 2012-07-11 13:20:22
author: 19
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 11/07/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-11072012
---

We're at it again, every Wednesday open house at XinCheJian! Come join us no matter rain, wind, or snow! We're here from 7-9pm (and later) every Wednesday. Don't forget to sign up for building your own synthesizer, designed by MengQiMusic, Clemence's last workshop before university.  We're starting a 3rd Friday of every month for orientations, where you can bring friends to XinCheJian to get involved.  The Uber Hacking Arduino event is coming, a 2-day workshop taking you on the ultimate Arduino journey with various presenters and workshops.

**Wednesday Presenters:**

A joint presentation by 3 XinCheJian members about the latest game machine mods – it's not just another game machine! Minecraft at XinCheJian and IRL plans!  Qu and Wenzhen will be presenting this week; he's ready! He's been working on applying sensors and wireless technologies to agriculture, and will share field projects and their benefits.
David Li, the XinCheJian foreman, will present his ambitious super-hydroponics project and its integration into the garden (wife-approved!).

**Events:**
DIY Sound Synthesizer! - OSC6 Make Your Own Sound Synthesizer! - OSC6 - 2012/07/14 - [link](http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=139)
Build your own synth by MengQiMusic!  Run by PengZiYun, this is PengZiYun's last workshop for a while at XinCheJian as she heads off to university.
Arduino Introductory Workshop (for beginners) - 2012/08/18 - [link](http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=140)
Analog Line Follower Workshop - 2012/08/25 - [link](http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=138)
Roboracing Competition - 2012/08/26 - [link](http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=137)

**XinCheJian Overview:**
XinCheJian is a community-run hackerspace in Shanghai. Your support – time, workshops, donations, and memberships – is crucial for us to keep operating. Please consider giving back to help us financially.

**Staff Positions:**

* **Treasurer:** Responsible for managing finances.  You'll need your own calculator! Responsibilities include income/outgoing spreadsheets, donation box management, rent/bill organization, and space purchasing.
* **Journalist:** Write at least one article per week on XinCheJian activities, interviewing members and covering projects. You'll get an account, need a camera, and can write in English or Chinese.  Confident, outgoing, and skilled at gathering information quickly.