---
id: 3624
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 25/07/2012
date: 2012-07-25 00:11:51
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 25/07/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-25072012
---

Summary for WednesdayOn Saturday at 2:30pm in XinCheJian David will be doing a mini workshop for 30 minutes, on starting seedlings for hydroponics, he needs your help, it's free for members to attend, if you're not a member, sign up before the workshop. What great weather we've had this week? t-shirts, shorts and flip-flops. we've strip it it down even further at XinCheJian, we're going naked - free yourself!Presentations
* Shiyin Cai - Dialogue in the dark
* Bernard Xiong - RTOS/RT-Thread
* Aler Gu - 17 year making with fast contributionsWednesday PresentersShiyin Cai from Dialogue in the dark a China NGO raises awareness of issues facing visually impaired, expect total darkness (Or as best we can). Bernard Xiong from Real time operating system and lead developer, he recently released ART and opensource development board for RT-Thread and will be demoing ART. Aler Gu will be traveling across the country to come an present at XinCheJian, at age 17 he holds 2 patents, won numerous national awards and launched innovation clubs all revolving around robots and robotics, he gave a short demo at XinCheJian on the weekend of his mechanical hand, which was inspiring to see. he also has a voice controlled robot looking a bit like johnny 5. Have something good to present? email wednesday@xinchejian.com for a short overview.