---
id: 3650
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 1/08/2012
date: 2012-08-01 00:01:22
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 1/08/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-1082012
---

**Summary for Wednesday**We'll have 2 guests this weekend Saola and Damrey will be visiting - both tropical storms, while that's going on outside, we'll be building up a storm inside! it's time to get your hack on! David and Roger will be running another mini workshop this weekend, this time you'll build your own simple hydroponics box to take home, with two different systems you'll need to let David know by Wednesday, 150 - 200 rmb in materials but you'll have a ready to use system to take home, contact david@xinchejian.com for more information. The awesome Barcamp is coming, sign up at http://www.techyizu.org/events/shanghai-barcamp-fall-2012/ for September - do it now, tell them you're from xinchejian! XinCheJian will make our presence known, last time XinCheJian ran operation "Occupy Barcamp", this season we're taking it a step up; if you want to be a part of the XinCheJian Barcamp movement - then contact nihaopaul@xinchejian.com if you have something to say, we want to hear, let us know if you wish to present on wednesday@xinchejian.com but please read the guidelines**Presentations** 
* Spencer a demonstration of partkeepr, and how to find what you need in XinCheJian
* David and Roger on Urban Farming
* Sunny Sun Jr. research and explosions
**Wednesday Presenters** 
* Spencer (XinCheJian)- Partkeepr, designed for use in places with lots of parts, like hackerspaces this tool will help you cost out your projects and also find what you're looking for and much more.
* David and Roger (XinCheJian) will be talking about changing the farming area, along with their new Talapia, which have been named already!
* Sunny Sun Jr (XinCheJian|not Agent squishy) at age unknown, but we guess he's not 18 yet - will be talking about his latest research into Ultrabright LEDS, tiny fast motors and HUGE electromagnets!