---
id: 3682
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 08/08/2012
date: 2012-08-08 14:18:35
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 08/08/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-08082012
---

**Summary for Wednesday**Some Great presentations planned for this Wednesday, something you don't want to miss! A test, How do you like our new look? Prefer the old version? Let us know. Jia-qi will be running a mini-workshop for urban farming this Saturday at 2:30pm, talking about taking cuttings from plants and raising them. This is open to XinCheJian members. This month we've packed it full of workshops: the latest "Ultimate Arduino Workshop", Analog line followers, and RoboRacing! Keep an eye out for a Max/MSP workshop this month as well. More information at the end of this email.

**Presentations**
* Jonas - look ma' no loops! (cancelled)
* Serena Pollastri/Francesca - TianTian
* Sijie - Build your own multitouch table for your living room (cancelled)

**Wednesday Presenters**
* Jonas Karlsson (☯大鱼) will discuss his new language, "Look ma' no loops!"  He's created a language where you describe what you want the computer to do, instead of specifying the steps.  He'll have examples.
* Serena Pollastri/Francesca were commissioned by Nokia to study how rural Chinese use mobile phones. They developed an online marketplace, TianTian, connecting urban communities with rural farms, tracking produce from farm to table.
* Sijie (@Sijie_Amoy) is a designer and programmer. With a BA in Computer Automation and an MA in HCI, he works at Google as a UX Designer since 2011.  He'll show how to build your own multi-touch table for your living room.