---
id: 374
title: IDEO模式: 山寨设计是创新的开放平台 Shanzhai Design as an Open Platform for Business Innovation – Pattern from IDEO
date: 2011-01-12 13:36:05
author: 3
group: IDEO模式: 山寨设计是创新的开放平台 Shanzhai Design as an Open Platform for Business Innovation – Pattern from IDEO
post_name: ideo%e6%a8%a1%e5%bc%8f-%e5%b1%b1%e5%af%a8%e8%ae%be%e8%ae%a1%e6%98%af%e5%88%9b%e6%96%b0%e7%9a%84%e5%bc%80%e6%94%be%e5%b9%b3%e5%8f%b0-shanzhai-design-as-an-open-platform-for-business-innovation
---

Shanzhai Design as an Open Platform for Business Innovation – Pattern from IDEO
Time: 14:00 – 17:00, Jan 22, 2011
Location: Xindanwei, 50 Yongjia Rd
Cost: 30yuan/person
Shanzhai is an open platform for grassroots innovation. Apple, Nokia, and Samsung smartphones get copied, but the knockoffs adapt the original designs in ways that appeal to Chinese customers. Shanzhai designers might add a flashlight, key in areas with unstable electricity. The effect is to make products accessible to common folks in terms of price, aesthetics, values, and needs. Shanzhai designs are an opportunity for international companies to introduce Chinese consumers to their brands, and then observe how local Chinese culture adapts their offerings. How might companies harness learning by observing Shanzhai designs? IDEO will share their perspectives and methodologies on these big questions for business.
2:00pm Opening: Introduce the event, speakers, guests and talk about the goals, by Liu Yan(xindanwei)
2:15pm 1.IDEO: “Shanzhai as an open platform for innovation” – 15 minutes
2.How to Shanzhai? - “Rapid prototyping” – IDEO – 30 minutes
- Tool of prototyping
- Arduino – Flamingo EDA – 20 minutes
- Android – – 20 minutes
-From prototype to production – C2Tech – 20 minutes
4:00pm Part Two: Android prototype boards and tools demonstration
Followed by a visit to Xinchejian and networking