---
id: 4001
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 07/11/2012
date: 2012-11-07 12:05:15
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 07/11/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-07112012
---

# Summary for Wednesday/本周三开放日综述

It's adhoc wednesday, you know the score - open Mic without the Mic, get up and present something. that's 9 minutes on stage, if you are giving a presentation please let a staff member know on arrival and what you need prepared. 7pm - be there. For the next few weeks we have Patrick of the vvvv fame in town who will be running these awesome vvvv workshops. He travels the world over doing installations for fun and for work, he knows what he's doing and has been doing it for years. sign up online and dont wait since there is limited seats, please if you cannot make it or are not sure, do not sign up as you will be denying someone a place.

# Upcoming Events/近期活动安排

**Multi-touch screen introduction workshop - 多点触摸屏入门工作坊 (英语教学)**http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=150
**Date:** Saturday Nov. 10th 2012
**Time:** 1PM - 5PM In this workshop the participants will build a small multitouch screen out of a cheap webcam and a cardboard box which they can take home for further experiments. They will also learn how to use Community Core Vision, an open source software which does touch-table related computer vision.
**In depth vvvv and multi-touch screen workshop - vvvv与多点触摸屏应用工作坊 (英语教学)**http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=151
**Date:** Sunday Nov. 11th 2012
**Time:** 10AM - 12PM, LUNCH, 1PM - 5PM cant make saturday? dont worry do sunday, its a little more indepth but well worth it
**Building interactive installations with the vvvv environment - vvvv与交互项目应用工作坊 (英语教学)**http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=152
**Date:** Saturday Nov. 17th & Sunday Nov. 18th 2012
**Time:** 10AM - 12PM, LUNCH, 1PM - 5PM This is the most in-demand for workshop, 2 days of feature-packed-fun-filled-psychedelic-play