---
id: 4343
title: Wednesday Open Night 7-9pm FREE! / 周三开放日更新 晚7点-9点 免费向公众开放 2013/02/20
date: 2013-02-20 16:39:52
author: 19
group: Wednesday Open Night 7-9pm FREE! / 周三开放日更新 晚7点-9点 免费向公众开放 2013/02/20
post_name: wednesday-open-night-agenda-20130220
---

Happy New Year, good fortune, good luck, all the best!
The long holiday is finally over, and the regular weekly XinCheJian Wednesday open night is back online! XinCheJian has been featured on the local TV station recently, generating significant interest from local enthusiasts. Many people have visited the space, but Wednesday's open night is the best day to visit XinCheJian, learn more about the hackerspace, and meet other enthusiasts.  XinCheJian is on TV!  The day of the broadcast caused major traffic jams near Wulumuqi Road and Changle Road as people flocked to see it.  It was truly a sea of people shoulder to shoulder, a diverse crowd of all shapes and sizes. (The following is intended as humorous exaggeration.  Any coincidences are purely coincidental).  If you're interested in XinCheJian, don't miss our Wednesday open night!  So, come on down!

Summary for Wednesday (7:30 pm):
Sophia Lin will introduce the new Make+ exchange program.  DIY CNC hacker Xu Genxin will share his secrets on CNC building.  Lin Ju will present his DIY heart rate and blood oxygen sensor.  Founder David Li will give a short introduction to aquaponics.  If you've visited the space recently, you'll notice our Miniature City project.  There may be a demo tonight as well.

Tonight's program includes: Make+ project introduction, homemade CNC, homemade heart rate and blood oxygen monitor, and an introductory talk on aquaponics.  To avoid overcrowding, please come early!

Also, check out our newest project: Miniature City.

Wednesday Presenters:
Sophia Lin: The Make+ exchange program is a four-month studio program in Shanghai, welcoming artists, programmers, engineers, scientists, designers, and other creative minds to collaborate and turn ideas into reality!
Xu Genxin: By day, he's a sales representative at a factory automation company. By night, he's a CNC hacker.  He'll be showcasing his third CNC machine built from scratch.
Lin Ju: Author of the STM32 book ("稀里糊涂学stm32"), and forum moderator for 21ic.  He'll present his DIY heart rate and blood oxygen saturation sensor.
David Li: A short introduction to aquaponics ("Pimp the fish")