---
id: 4656
title: Night of IoT with Rob van Kranenburg on June 5
date: 2013-05-13 07:08:44
author: 2
group: Night of IoT with Rob van Kranenburg on June 5
post_name: night-of-iot-with-rob-van-kranenburg-on-june-5
---

There will be Internet of Things China 2013 Conference & Exhibition in Shanghai from June 4 to 5. More information about the conference here. Rob van Kranenburg founded Council, a think tank for the Internet of Things, to bring this latter perspective into the heart of the debates. He is Chair of the Working Group Societal of the IOT Forum, member of the Expert Group on IOT for the European Commission, and Stakeholder Coordinator for IoT-A. Mr. van Kranenburg will travel to Shanghai for IOT 2013 China. Rob is good friends of both XinCheJian and Xindanwei and we are happy to have him coming to XinCheJian for a night of Internet of Things on June 5th. The event will start at 7pm in XinCheJian (1035 Changle Lu, 2F) featuring these speakers: Rob van Kranenburg: Internet of Things Dr. J. (Sjaak) Wolfert: SmartAgriFood David Li: Makers and IoT The Internet of Things (IoT); imagine a world where everything can be both analogue and digitally approached – reformulates our relationship with objects – things- as well as the objects themselves. Currently we can discern two main blocks of thought on IoT. The first is a reactive framework of ideas and thought that sees IoT as a layer of digital connectivity on top of existing infrastructure and things. This position sees IoT as a manageable set of convergent developments on infrastructure, services, applications and governance tools. It is assumed that, as in the transition from mainframe to Internet some business will fail and new ones will emerge, this will happen within the current governance, currency end business models. The second is a proactive framework of ideas and thought that sees IoT as a severely disruptive convergence that is unmanageable with current tools, as it will change the notion of what data and what noise is from the supply chain on to ‘apps’. Read more (PDF) for the lecture .