---
id: 4713
title: BioPrinting, a new wave?
date: 2013-06-10 14:00:01
author: 27
group: BioPrinting, a new wave?
post_name: bioprinting-a-new-wave
---

On June 22nd, XinCheJian & Swissnex China are bringing you: Workshop and Panel Discussion on 3D Printing and BioMaterials. The new industrial revolution – 3D printing, is rapidly becoming accessible to anyone and everyone. But with the growing revolution in 3D printing comes growing waste. How can we build integrated system solutions that favor recycling and sustainable, compostable materials (biomaterials) that still fulfill all the technical requirements to be used at the large-scale? Join a diverse panel of experts to tackle questions of sustainability and ethics in the 3D printing revolution. This event kicks off our forum on biomaterials and 3D printing. Discover innovations in 3D printing, biomimicry, and sustainable materials with experts and entrepreneurs, and interact with the creative makers and artists. Time & Date 22 June, Saturday Workshop: 9:00 – 16:30 Panel Discussion: 18:00 – 21:00 Venue Room A301, Sino-French Center, Tongji University Siping Road 1239, Shanghai Participation Workshop on 3D printing and BioMaterials: By invitation only, please send your CV and brief introduction to the contacts below if you would like to join the workshop. Ms. Yiwen SUN: yiwen.sun@swissnexchina.org Ms. Lan XIAO: lan.xiao@swissnexchina.org Panel Discussion: Public event, limited seats, please click here to register! Program Panel Discussion 18:00 – 19:00 Buffet 19:00 – 19:10 Welcome Word 19:10 – 19:40 Speaker Presentations 19:40 – 20:20 Panel Discussion / Questions & Answers 20:20 – 21:00 Networking Workshop details will be sent to the confirmed participants individually. Bios Co-organizer/ Moderator: Mr. Christian Haeuselmann Christian Haeuselmann is an innovation-driven Swiss economist and serial entrepreneur with 20 years of experience in the Cleantech sector, both with startups and global organizations. Today he lives in San Diego, California, developing strategic partnerships between Swiss and US Cleantech entrepreneurs as the co-founder of swisscleantech, the leading business association driving innovation and sustainable policy development in Switzerland. Speakers: Prof. Chengtao WANG Vice Director of the Engineering Research Center of Digital Medicine (ERCDM), Shanghai Jiaotong University Dr. Qing LIU CEO of 3D Biotek, LLC Mr. Zhong FAN Lecturer, Design & Innovation College, Expert on 3D printing & Design More information on the speakers will be soon available on our website: www.swissenxchina.org