---
id: 4725
title: XinCheJian Maker Culture Exhibition in Shanghai Library
date: 2013-06-20 07:17:00
author: 2
group: XinCheJian Maker Culture Exhibition in Shanghai Library
post_name: xinchejian-maker-culture-exhibition-in-shanghai-library
---

Paul created the world's most expensive and unique mouse hotel. This hotel is made of microcontrollers and uses infrared sensors to detect the arrival of mice. When a mouse enters the door, the door will automatically lock, and only humans can let it out.

Jiang Hao's "Useless Box" was inspired by the internet. It opposes efficiency and success, and it has no function. Its only function is to automatically turn off the switch when you turn it on.

Jia Shu's PM2.5 box uses a cheap dust sensor plus an Arduino system.  Based on other people's articles, with slight modifications, it integrates dust, temperature, and humidity sensors to monitor the current amount of dust (dust with a diameter > 0.4 microns) in the environment. Want to know the air quality around you, in your office, or at home? Want to know if the air purifier you bought is effective? Then come and do it! The circuit diagram, software, and everything are completely open source, and the cost is less than $100.

Mika loves graphics, dynamic images, and sound. He designed this "Heartbeat" to express himself through physical objects, allowing people to convey their hearts to each other and strengthen the connection between objects and people. Mika joined the New Workshop at the end of 2011, and he was very happy to be able to work in an open exchange platform with various elites, using cutting-edge ideas and face-to-face communication to achieve various dreams with fellow makers.

Li Dawei's low-temperature slow cooker allows you to eat a delicious soft-boiled egg within 20 minutes. It's the go-to for the New Workshop's lunch.

Lucio's 3D printer

Want to play games? Come to the New Workshop! Lio built an open-source game console with some wood boards, a second-hand TV, a joystick, some buttons, and a custom circuit board.

The mini quadcopter was designed by Sun Weizhe, a high school senior. It uses four independently controlled motors as power to generate enough lift for flight. By controlling the different speeds of each motor, it can perform rolls, pitches, and other actions.

Rocket is a DFRobot promotional expert, aiming to promote 3D printers and open-source hardware.

He Qichen was one of the first to play quadcopters. It uses four independently controlled motors as power to generate enough lift for flight. By controlling the different speeds of each motor, it can perform rolls, pitches, and other actions.

Chen Shikai and his RoboPeak team constantly research various aspects of robots. They designed the RoboPeak Mini robot.

He Qichen used NeuroSky's MindFlex brain wave toy as a brainwave sensor to collect conductive signals from people's foreheads and input them into Arduino. Through Arduino's analysis, the various components in brainwaves can be obtained, and people's current mental states can be known. Currently, the project uses Arduino to control a heart-shaped LED array. When the person wearing the sensor is focused on something, the heart-shaped LED flashes faster. When the attention is distracted, it flashes slower.

Wang Weida designed a pill measurement bottle cap, which is convenient to use, precisely controls the dosage, and saves costs.

Lutz invented the Bug robot, which can be built in just 3 hours. It's a bit shy, but loves to dance and cherish life.