---
id: 4746
title: Wednesday Meetup @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 03/07/2013
date: 2013-07-03 15:41:43
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 03/07/2013
post_name: wednesday-meetup-xinchejian-7-9pm-03072013
---

Make something this summer! Tonight, it's a back to normal @XinCheJian, several announcements, the possibility to receive the machineroom training with paul this evening after presentations and upcoming events, also keep an eye out on dotdotlab's project "dotdotdot" launching downstairs in a joint interactive exhibition piece with W+K for the month. Just a reminder, if you would like to socialize or network please wait until after the presentations or go outside to give the presenters a chance to.. present.

### Summary for Wednesday

* Biayna Bogosian - Synesthesia
* Spencer Featherstone - Assistive aids

### Wednesday Presenters

* Biayna will present her research on design workflow automation that utilizes various physical and non-physical factors to add information resolution to the built environments. Biayna Bogosian is an architect interested in computational design and highly localized materialization processes that respond to data patterns. Biayna holds a Master of Science in Advanced Architectural Design from Columbia University. Since 2011, Biayna has taught digital media seminars and design studios at Columbia University GSAPP, and USC School of Architecture.
* Spencer Featherstone the key ingredient in swarm robots is back and is going to discuss his progress in trying to make affordable, reasonably functional assistive aids, a call for interest in having one or more mini hack nights/weekends, or individuals who want to get involved, or create longer term project/s to develop and publish.