---
id: 539
title: XinCheJian, Hackerspace, Robots, and HCR at Barcamp Shanghai
date: 2011-03-13 19:56:25
author: 2
group: XinCheJian, Hackerspace, Robots, and HCR at Barcamp Shanghai
post_name: xinchejian-hackerspace-robots-and-hcr-at-barcamp-shanghai
---

XinCheJian was in Barcamp Shanghai! We took the Green for the afternoon to talk about Hackerspace, Maker, Open Source Hardware and of course ROBOTS!!! ;) The crazy robot car David was carrying around at Barcamp The robot was built the night before barcamp with YM4 from Embedream, Arduino Uno and a HC-SR04. The little YM4 is a lot of fun. The independently controlled wheels allowing the car to turn on a fix axis and this saves the use to savor to turn the limited angle SR04 around to inspect the environment. But at 3AM, it was discovered a little drawback of controlling two independent wheels while trying to make the it going straight. Well, it was 3AM so I decide to let it acts a little crazy. I am dedicating this crazy robot to the crazy Shanghai taxi driver who took me to the barcamp in the morning! I will name it 840. ;) Pitching Hackerspace Kicking off the afternoon with pitch of Hackerspace and Maker Culture Hmm, this is why the call this session "THE GREEN." Get to make fun of making is much more fun then golf as hobby. HCR, the open source robots from DFRobot Rick Ye gave a talk on his open source HCR robot. I was driving it around to round up people to the talk. This version has a cam pointing upward and a automated navigation mode. It's a lot of fun to watch it walking all over the place on its own from the video at the control. This little guy has great potential to be a good caddy on the green. Video of HCR Thanks to Scott for the video.