---
id: 6059
title: LET MUSIC TALK 【Speech】Nov 10 1pm-3pm In Xinchejian
date: 2013-11-03 23:28:26
author: 30
group: LET MUSIC TALK 【Speech】Nov 10 1pm-3pm In Xinchejian
post_name: let-music-talk-the-aesthetics-of-music-and-my-attitude-towards-musical-improvisation-by-lionel-marchetti
---

The Aesthetics of Music and My Attitude towards Musical Improvisation By Lionel Marchetti, Nov 10 1pm-3pm, 1035 Changle Rd, 2nd floor, Xuhui District, Shanghai Imagine what musical rhythms will like be when music meets “Concrete” and aesthetics. On this upcoming Nov 10, we are to invite Lionel Marchetti, the noted French Musique Concrete composer, to Xinchejian to share with us the aesthetics of music and his attitude towards musical improvisation. This speech for music is more like a performance than a mere formal speech. Due to the limited number of seats, applications will be accepted on a first-come, first-served basis. 1. Musique Concrète, meaning concrete music, is a form of contemporary music. In addition to sounds derived from musical instruments, it uses voices or sounds recorded from nature. The theoretical basis of musique concrète as a compositional practice began in the early 1940s, developed by Pierre Schaeffer and other musicians. 2. Lionel Marchetti is a noted French electroacoustic music composer and improvised musician, a sound and visual artist and a poet. He is an educator as well. Contents: 1. A brief introduction to Musique Concrete 2. Music works sharing 3. An introduction to the aesthectics of electroacoustic music 4. An introduction to musical improvisation and the composer’s attitude towards it