---
id: 6431
title: 在家做的水培系统Hydroponics 101 Workshop - June 29th
date: 2014-06-05 20:03:39
author: 23
group: 在家做的水培系统Hydroponics 101 Workshop - June 29th
post_name: %e5%9c%a8%e5%ae%b6%e5%b0%b1%e8%83%bd%e5%ae%9e%e7%8e%b0%e7%9a%84%e6%b0%b4%e8%80%95%e7%a7%8d%e6%a4%8d%ef%bc%88%e8%94%ac%e8%8f%9c%ef%bc%89%e7%b3%bb%e7%bb%9fhydroponics-101-weekend-workshop-%e4%b8%ad
---

Ever wanted to know what hydroponic gardening is and how it is different from regular gardening? Ever wanted to know how to start a plant from seed? Ever wanted to build your own urban gardening system? If you answered yes to any of these questions, then you should sign up for the Hydroponics 101 workshop! In this workshop you will learn the basics of hydroponics and what makes it substantially different from soil gardening. You will learn about the various hydroponic system types found in the world today and learn about how you can grow your own plants in a variety of urban environments, regardless of access to sunlight or soil. The second part of this workshop will be learning how to start plants from seeds and how to create clones of plants from existing mature plants. Finally, you will learn how to construct a basic deep water culture (DWC) system that you can place next to a windowsill to grow your own lettuce, herbs and cherry tomato plants. At the end of this workshop, you will have both the knowledge, the equipment and the supplies to start and maintain your very own urban garden, using a system that takes up about as much space as a desktop computer case. The first 6 people that sign up will receive a bonus: live plants and seedlings to take home in your system, so that they can start growing with their system right away!