---
id: 6528
title: 旧物改造创新工作坊Upcycling Invention workshop - July 20th
date: 2014-07-09 08:45:15
author: 23
group: 旧物改造创新工作坊Upcycling Invention workshop - July 20th
post_name: %e6%97%a7%e7%89%a9%e6%94%b9%e9%80%a0%e5%88%9b%e6%96%b0%e5%b7%a5%e4%bd%9c%e5%9d%8aupcycling-invention-workshop-july-20th
---

Creative Inventions Workshop with Ashley Coulson, British artist and teacher. Children under the age of 10 years old should have an adult present. We will also provide some tools, though you should bring their own basic craft tools such as scissors, pencils and pens, paints and glue. This creativity workshop will allow you to think innovatively and 'outside the box'; creative and transferrable skills important in many aspects of life and education. You will use old clothes, plastic bottles, pieces of card and many more used objects to create and invent artwork, fashion pieces, or functional items like an umbrella or a chair. This is up-cycling or creative recycling. You will be encouraged to express themselves using a creative outlet. Self expression and creativity helps to make well rounded, healthy people. Workshop outline: You will be introduced to the theme and concept of upcycling in a fun and creative way. You will be given demonstrations on how to use different materials and tools, such as sewing equipment, glue guns, spray paints and basic hand tools. You will then be teamed up in small groups and given a series of short upcycling challenges using a variety of waste or redundant objects and materials, such as old clothes, plastic bottles, buttons, food packaging etc. You will finish off by each crafting an upcycled creation to take home. You will learn to think creatively, use their imaginations, become inventors and be innovative. You will learn the importance of being environmentally friendly through upcycling and recycling. You will learn and expand on craft skills. You will learn how to use different tools. You will build on their teamwork skills. You will expand their English vocabulary and learn about British art and culture. You will have the chance to meet other children and have fun in a relaxed and creative, yet educational workshop. Good things to bring include: old clothing, shoes, accessories, costume jewelry, Plastic bottles, glass bottles, tin cans, food packaging, cardboard, Buttons, jewels, bottle tops, Any broken electrical appliances, old or broken toys, Magazines and newspapers. If you have something you are going to throw away then think about bringing it before you do!