---
id: 6542
title: sketchup工作坊 Sketchup workshop July 27th
date: 2014-07-15 19:46:25
author: 23
group: sketchup工作坊 Sketchup workshop July 27th
post_name: google-sketchup%e5%b7%a5%e4%bd%9c%e5%9d%8a-sketchup-workshop-july-27th
---

SketchUp is a 3D modeling program for applications such as architectural, interior design, civil and mechanical engineering, film, and video game design. A freeware version, SketchUp Make, and a paid version with additional functionality, SketchUp Pro, are available. There is an online Open source repository of free-of-charge model assemblies (e.g., windows, doors, automobiles, etc.), 3D Warehouse, to which users may contribute models. The program includes drawing layout functionality, allows surface rendering in variable "styles", supports third-party "plug-in" programs hosted on a site called Extension Warehouse to provide other capabilities (e.g., near photo-realistic rendering). It's a tool suitable for everyone and is the best (and most creative) tool for everything from coffee pots to skyscrapers. The creative process not only fully expresses the designer's ideas but also fully meets the needs of immediate communication with clients. It allows designers to directly and intuitively conceptualize on the computer, making it an excellent tool for creating 3D architectural design plans. It is a design tool that directly targets the design plan creation process. The creation process not only fully expresses the designer's ideas but also fully meets the needs of immediate communication with clients, similar to the process of designers sketching ideas by hand. It is one of the few design tools that directly targets the design process. It allows designers to directly and intuitively conceptualize on the computer. As the design ideas become clearer and details increase, designers can maximize the reduction of mechanical repetitive work and control the accuracy of design results.