---
id: 6601
title: Android手机图形化编程入门 Android App Programming for Beginners
date: 2014-08-08 22:19:13
author: 23
group: Android手机图形化编程入门 Android App Programming for Beginners
post_name: android%e6%89%8b%e6%9c%ba%e5%9b%be%e5%bd%a2%e5%8c%96%e7%bc%96%e7%a8%8b%e5%85%a5%e9%97%a8-app-programming-for-beginers
---

Android mobile graphical programming application software introductory open class

**Software Introduction**
App Inventor was originally a Google Lab sub-project, jointly participated by a group of Google engineers and brave Google users.
Google App Inventor is a completely online Android programming environment, abandoning complex program codes and using a block stacking method to complete your Android programs.
In addition, it officially supports Lego NXT robots, which is a boon for Android beginners or robot developers.
Because for users who want to use their mobile phones to control robots, they don't need too fancy interfaces, just basic components such as buttons and text input and output are enough.
App Inventor was transferred to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Action Learning Center on January 1, 2012, and was publicly available on March 4.
Developing an App Inventor program starts from your browser. You first design the appearance of the program. Then, set the behavior of the program, which is as simple and interesting as playing Lego blocks.
Finally, just connect your phone to your computer, and your freshly baked program will appear on your phone.

**Content**
1. Software installation
2. Java language introduction
3. App Inventor introduction
4. HelloWorld demonstration
5. General program patterns
6. Comparison with other Android development software