---
id: 6644
title: XINCHEJIAN CROSSOVER HACKATHON 新车间跨界马拉松
date: 2014-09-03 23:18:35
author: 23
group: XINCHEJIAN CROSSOVER HACKATHON 新车间跨界马拉松
post_name: xinchejian-crossover-hackathon-%e6%96%b0%e8%bd%a6%e9%97%b4%e8%b7%a8%e7%95%8c%e9%a9%ac%e6%8b%89%e6%9d%be
---

XinCheJian will host a Crossover Hackathon! Thanks to a proliferation of inexpensive SBCs (Single Board Computers), such as Arduino and Raspberry Pi, and an amazing array of easy-to-use sensors and actuators, the lines between programming and hardware are blurring fast. Even if you know nothing at all about hardware, you can get started in minutes and make a leap from the virtual to the physical. Along the way, you can help demonstrate why XinCheJian persists today: the vision that things can work together with open source and skills sharing. Join us to make simple hardware easy and complicated hardware possible, even if you are not an engineer. The hackathon will kick off on September 19th from 18:30 – 21:00 at XinCheJian and run from 9am on September 20th – 5pm on September 21st. The finalists in each theme will pitch their concept at kickoff. The winners are eligible to receive valuable prizes. Hackathon Event Dates and Details • September 20th, 2014 – concept development and hacking • September 21, 2014 - Hacking and Finalist presentations, judging and awards ceremony from 5:00pm – 7:00pm. • Teams will be offered some pre-selected hardware and components. • Finalist presentations to the panel are limited to 15 minutes. Rules and Guidelines: • Maximum 5 people per team • All intellectual property belongs to the team or individual • Create a quality PowerPoint presentation and/or product demo • Participants will have 10 minutes to present and a 5-minute Q&A Judging Criteria:  Scored 1-5 and weighted TBD Benefits: • Access to experts for product, idea validation, finalization of product, and presentation advice. • Networking Prizes: • Winner of each theme will receive valuable prizes and the chance to represent XinCheJian at the Makers Carnival. Registration Deadline: 5pm on September 13th, 2014.