---
id: 7400
title: Smart Pet Collar Project STARTUP!
date: 2015-07-19 23:51:07
author: 37
group: Smart Pet Collar Project STARTUP!
post_name: smart-pet-collar-project-startup
---

Have you shown photos of your cute pets on Instagram, with proud and excitement? When your good boy looks pale, have you worried about its health, but feel helpless in caring for it? Even, when thinking of dognap news reported on TV, have you woke up suddenly in a fear, feeling afraid of the terrible result if being careless? You should have been enjoying assured simple fun with pets, yet it’s always so hard to be assured in reality. But now, it’s time to let my efforts ease your trouble! With the rapid development of wearable products, glasses, bands, or even shoes have been made ‘smart’ by geeks. A billionaire even put the smartwatch on his puppy’s paw, however, it made a stupid error that only one third of the dog’s pulse was detected. No doubt that pets need something especially for them! In the remaining summer vacation, I’ll make a prototype of the smart collar. I’ll try to acquire Lua and Android programming next week. Simple communication and using accelerometer are the short term goals as well. Any tutoring, directing or advices will be appreciated, and much thanks to you here in advance. I’m going to take part in the Xinchejian Hackathon in early August, and complete the prototype later that month. It will achieve some preliminary functions including data gathering, Wi-Fi communicating and mobile app connecting. At the same time, it can play a role as developing platform for future products as well. Furthermore, an improved product with track and trace, health detection, entertainment and other surprising features will be shown at the end of this year, starting the experimental manufacturing then as well. To achieve the commercial value of the technology will be my goal right in 2016. Besides, as a caring young man, I really hope to take more social responsibilities by innovation. After sales, I plan to provide the products for all the 27 guide dogs (1 missed 3 days ago) for free. The useful functions can greatly improve the safety for the blind and their dogs, protecting the precious resource of guide dogs and helping the disabled.