---
id: 7527
title: 创客的设计思维工作坊 9月19号｜Design Thinking for Makers Workshop Sep 19th
date: 2015-09-14 13:37:37
author: 36
group: 创客的设计思维工作坊 9月19号｜Design Thinking for Makers Workshop Sep 19th
post_name: %e5%88%9b%e5%ae%a2%e7%9a%84%e8%ae%be%e8%ae%a1%e6%80%9d%e7%bb%b4%e5%b7%a5%e4%bd%9c%e5%9d%8a-9%e6%9c%8812%e5%8f%b7%ef%bd%9cdesign-thinking-for-makers-workshop-sep-12th
---

Fee: RMB 200. RMB 150 for XinCheJian members. Intro to Design Thinking for Makers: Innovative companies, and inventors in general, don’t just come up with new product ideas out of thin air. They used problem-solving methods, such as “design thinking” to establish competitive advantage. These methods focus on listening to user needs, empathy, logical and creative thinking, collaboration, and experimentation. Design thinking methods can be applied in any field, and even in personal life, and can go a long way in helping makers create products that solve real needs. This intensive hands-on workshop will go through all the steps of the design process, but will spend most of the time on tools and methods to build empathy for the users, as this crucial first step often proves to be challenging in certain contexts (cultural and mindset) This workshop can help you: · become a better innovator · learn which questions can lead to uncovering hidden needs · solve complex challenges at work or in life · combine creativity and innovation with logic and analysis · become a better collaborator What to expect: This will be an intensive hands-on workshop that goes through the whole design thinking process and helps you learn-by-doing. You won’t be sitting, listening to a boring lecture, but getting your hands dirty and interacting with each other right from the beginning. Who should enroll: This workshop is ideal for not only makers interested into turning their ideas into real products or services but also professionals from any industry that are interested in learning new approaches to problem solving.