---
id: 7600
title: 图形化编程建模工作坊 10月31号｜ Graphical Programming Modeling Workshop Oct 31st
date: 2015-10-27 17:20:56
author: 36
group: 图形化编程建模工作坊 10月31号｜ Graphical Programming Modeling Workshop Oct 31st
post_name: %e5%9b%be%e5%bd%a2%e5%8c%96%e7%bc%96%e7%a8%8b%e5%bb%ba%e6%a8%a1%e5%b7%a5%e4%bd%9c%e5%9d%8a-10%e6%9c%8831%e5%8f%b7%ef%bd%9c-graphical-programming-modeling-workshop-oct-31st
---

Time: 13:00 - 16:00, Saturday, October 31st Personal Biography: Archarry Lu Hanlin students are "Shanghai Tongji Urban Planning and Design Institute - technology development center," the parametric design and research team member, who is also in charge of Ascott design lab, a number of articles related papers published digital design, is currently working development make work easier and efficient computing platform. Recently set up a "record-off DreamWorks" series of workshops, and strive to create a fun culture to increase the popularity of creating customer. Workshop Description: You have an innovative product ideas but also does not create a three-dimensional model of it? You want your products intelligent up but does not suffer from programming? It is not always in the code to deal with the headache of dazzling it? Take a look at "a DreamWorks off" in the magical tool "graphical programming modeling" tool group, as long as gently turn the knob about, even a connection can produce a creative product, it is not very simple ? Come and experience it! Workshop structure: Rhino modeling software introduction 2，Grasshopper graphical programming to explain 3，Firefly and Arduino programming explained 4，Intelligent hardware and sensors Introduction 5，Software installation and hardware connection hands 6，The finished product prototyping and 3D printing and creative products This workshop can help you: ●Fast and efficient manufacturing of prototype ●Experience a sense of accomplishment dream into reality ●Experience in human-computer interaction in the game fun ●Increase imagination and creativity ●Learn a self-learning method ●To solve the practical problems encountered in life. What to expect: The goal of this workshop is to help you create a more practical product by optimizing the production process and to provide a full and innovative platform, where you can experience the fun of the product, increase interest in learning, "create a dream factory" and look forward to your arrival. Who should enroll: Do you have creative but not yet mastered programming method、Cute kids、Creative people like geek culture、and do you want to own a DIY intelligence products to the relatives and friends of a small partner,as well as all ages full of whimsy friends are fit to participate in this workshop and hands-on creative process will reap unexpected joy and emotion. The speaker of the contact: If you have any questions, you can choose to contact me. WeChat：archarry QQ:514248050 email：archarry@outlook.com Telephone：15601786625 Fee: Workshop: RMB 200; RMB 150 for XinCheJian Members. If you need hardware suite friends please contact the organizers in advance and choose the model purchased,email:archarry@outlook.com,If interested, please sign up in advance, so we can calculate attendees to prepare materials! Or send Email to chris@xinchejian.com