---
id: 7614
title: Meet Your Makers: Colten
date: 2015-10-27 14:38:30
author: 36
group: Meet Your Makers: Colten
post_name: meet-your-makers-colten
---

Who are you? - Colten Jackson, from America. What’s your job? - I work at the champaign urbana community Fablab. Officially, I am the digital fabrication technology consultant, but really I’m just teaching people how to use machines how they want to use, and that includes 3D printers and scanners, laser cutters and other cnc machines, and micro controllers like Arduino. Do you like your job? Why? - I do like my job. I like seeing what new things people do when they start to know how to use new tools. How did you start your job? - I learnt how to use these machines by volunteering at the space a lot, and eventually I learnt enough to teach others. What was your background? And why did you choose this career? - Majored in music and computer programming when I was at university. But I didn’t want to make it a career. At Fablab, I don’t have to make money out it or good grades about it. So when I apply what I know at Fablab, I don’t have to make it serious about it. How did you start to learn programming? - 8 year old, by learning lego robot. What project have you done? - Electronic waste orchestra. Making music instruments out of outdated computer parts. Youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPzEGhv_XmI. What attracts you to the space/what do you like about the space? We are welcomed here and there were people here already to hung around. What do you want to learn at the space? I didn’t intend to learn, but it turned out that I learnt things like how to type Pingyin, mp3 decoder. Where would you rate yourself on a geeky slider? (or nerdy if you are that way) 7, I think Sam is little bit geekier than me, because he is more willing to How do you want the space to support you? - Having the capacity to be able to do translation, do workshops and find parts. Being able to trade ideas, lesson and plans and translations. Running different workshops in different countries, Do you have suggestions for people who wants to build their own projects? - To not be intimidated if you don’t know anything about how to start. You should just bring in your own things, and ask around for help and get started!