---
id: 7638
title: Meet Your Makers: Spring
date: 2015-11-06 14:47:19
author: 36
group: Meet Your Makers: Spring
post_name: meet-your-makers-spring
---

1. Who are you? Spring Wang, from Guangdong, China. 2. What’s your job? Unemployed. I used to work in ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) and used .NET. 3. Do you like your job? Why? I liked it at first because I could help others. Now I want a job more open to the public. 4. How did you start your job? It was my first job after graduating from Nanjing University six years ago. I took it because it needed someone. 5. Your story? I majored in Ecology and minored in Computer Science. When I was hired, I was doing production management. A year later, I transferred to the IT department. I learned a bit of computer science in high school. I chose the minor because I was interested. 6. How did you start learning programming? My minor in computer science at university. 7. What projects have you done? I made my own ERP software for my computer. It was production management software to help companies manage production better. I wish I could make it more general, but it's only suitable for that specific industry. 8. What attracts you to this space/what do you like about it? Two years ago, I was interested in cars and saw XinCheJian doing similar projects. Later, I found out about their workshops. I attended some, even though I live a bit far. Now I'm an intern at XinCheJian because I recently left my job and have more time. I like the open and free environment. 9. What do you want to learn here? I want to see what others are doing and how they do their projects. I want to contribute to XinCheJian and hopefully simplify some processes. 10. Where would you rate yourself on a geeky scale? Five. I'm not as geeky as most people here, but I'm geekier than the average person. 11. How do you want this space to support you? It's good as it is. I like the events and workshops. I hope they continue and maybe have more. I'd like to see more software promoted here. 12. Do you have any suggestions for people who want to build their own projects? Focus on projects and see how others solve problems, especially in programming.