---
id: 7762
title: 新年创作派对 1月3日&#124; New Year Creation Party Jan. 3rd
date: 2015-12-28 15:29:31
author: 36
group: 新年创作派对 1月3日&#124; New Year Creation Party Jan. 3rd
post_name: %e6%96%b0%e5%b9%b4%e5%88%9b%e4%bd%9c%e6%b4%be%e5%af%b9-1%e6%9c%883%e6%97%a5-new-year-creation-party-jan-3rd
---

With the New Year coming, XinCheJian and XinFab is hosting the 2016 New Year Creation Party to thank all the support we got from previous year. The party is combined with four parts below. Attendees can choose parts they want to attend. Part I: Learn to use 3D printer, 14:00 - 15:00 Part II: Laser cut a post card, 15:00 - 16:00 Part III: Solder XinCheJian PCB Badge, 16:00 - 16:30 Part IV: Projects sharing and gifts give away, 16:30 - 18:00 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Part I: Learn to use 3D printer 14:00 － 15:00 1) Set up a 3D Printer 2) Use the internet to Download 3D models; 3) How to 3D Print with Cura and Repetier Software 4) Print by yourself a quick 3D model Fee: Nonmember: RMB 100 / person, Member: RMB 80 / person Part II: Laser cut a post card 15:00 － 16:00 1) Set up laser cutter 2) Build your own post card 3) Laser cut post card Fee: Nonmember: RMB 100 / person, Member: RMB 80 / person Part III:Solder XinCheJian PCB Badge 16:00 － 16:30 1) Learn basic PCB knowledge 2) Learn how to solder 3) Solder XinCheJian PCB Badge Fee: Nonmeber: RMB 30 / person；Member: RMB 20 / person Part IV:Projects sharing and gifts give away 16:30 - 18:00 This part we will share part of our members projects. You will have chance to observe a silicon chip under microscop, experience Stary skateboard and Wearhous Arc headphone. You can also look into the hydroponic system, CNC and a portable 3D printer built by our members. At the same time, we offer chips, fruit, beer and other drinks to you. Besides that, everyone that attends the party will receive a gift. Don't miss this! Fee: nonmeber: RMB 50 / person; member: RMB 30 / person -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you want to attend the whole party, nonmember: RMB 260 / person; member: RMB 200 / person. If you have any question, please contact: chris@xinchejian.com