---
id: 7780
title: ZBrush动画制作工作坊 1月16日｜ZBrush Animation &amp; Modeling Workshop Jan. 16th
date: 2016-01-11 16:27:11
author: 36
group: ZBrush动画制作工作坊 1月16日｜ZBrush Animation &amp; Modeling Workshop Jan. 16th
post_name: zbrush%e5%8a%a8%e7%94%bb%e5%88%b6%e4%bd%9c%e5%b7%a5%e4%bd%9c%e5%9d%8a-1%e6%9c%8816%e6%97%a5%ef%bd%9czbrush-animation-modeling-workshop-jan-16th
---

Time: 13:00 - 16:00, Saturday, January 16th Personal Biography: Archarry Lu Hanlin, a student at Shanghai Tongji Urban Planning and Design Institute, is a member of the parametric design and research team and also leads the Ascott design lab.  He has published numerous articles related to digital design and is currently developing a platform to enhance work efficiency.  He recently launched a series of workshops called "DreamWorks" aiming to popularize creative culture. Workshop Description:  Are you struggling to bring your novel product ideas to life?  Frustrated by complex 3D modeling software interfaces?  Our workshop introduces ZBrush, a powerful 3D modeling tool.  Learn to create 3D models quickly and intuitively, perfect for 3D printing and animation. Workshop Structure: 1. Introduction to Sculptris modeling software 2. Introduction to ZBrush modeling software 3. Software tool group overview 4. Material and rendering techniques 5. 3D art creation methods 6. Complete product prototype production and 3D printing.  This workshop helps you: ·Quickly and efficiently create 3D product models ·Experience the fulfillment of turning dreams into reality ·Experience the joy of artistic creation ·Enhance imagination and creativity ·Create stunning 3D effects ·Apply creative skills to solve practical life problems What to expect:  Learn a simple and direct method to design and build product models, achieving a smooth 3D modeling experience akin to painting.  Transform your imagination (transformers, cartoons, sports cars, home goods) into tangible objects.  Who should attend: Creative individuals who want to learn 3D modeling; curious children; design enthusiasts; those looking to create DIY smart products for friends and family; and anyone with a whimsical spirit.  Hands-on creation offers unexpected joy. Speaker Contact: WeChat: archarry QQ: 514248050 Email: archarry@outlook.com Phone: 15601786625 Fee: Workshop: RMB 200; XinCheJian Members: RMB 150.