---
id: 7803
title: 1/16: Live Scanning &amp; 3D Cloning Workshop!
date: 2016-01-14 11:38:26
author: 36
group: 1/16: Live Scanning &amp; 3D Cloning Workshop!
post_name: 116-live-scanning-3d-cloning-workshop
---

Featuring: Pussykrew, a new media artist group from Poland When: Saturday 1/16 from 17:00 - 19:00 Where: 28 Yuyuan Dong Road, Building #3, 1F, Jing'an District (Xinfab & Xinchejian) Cost: 350 RMB, or 300 RMB for Xinchejian and Xinfab members Pussykrew Introduction [30 - 40 minutes]: 3D animation / installations / videos / 3D printing / 3D scanning video creations from 2015 overview of the technical and conceptual details behind Pussykrew's work 3D Scanning Session [1 hour]: Participants will be scanned with 3 different 3D scanners. Afterwards, everyone will have a chance to play with the files and 3D print scans. Participants will then be able to try out the scanners themselves, scan each other, modify the files, and get creative. On Sunday (1/17), participants can pick up the 3D printed scans created during the workshop at Xinfab. Suitable for: Beginners AND advanced 3D artists! Everyone will learn how to 3D scan random objects and people, and transform the files into physical forms through 3D printing. To make it as interactive as possible, people will be able to work in groups of 2 or more. We will use the following equipment in this workshop: Structure Sensor 3D scanner Sense 3D scanner Scanify 3D scanner from Fuel3D Cinema4D For more information about Pussykrew's work: http://niochnioszki.net/press/ To sign up, send Email to: chris@xinchejian.com About Pussykrew The Pussykrew collaboration duo consists of the Polish new media artists Andrzej Wojtas (also known as Jendrek or mi$ Gogo) and Ewelina Aleksandrowicz (also known as Tikul). Though currently based in Berlin, both artists have a Digital Media Studies degree from the Culture Lab at Newcastle University and have been awarded a Digital City Fellowship from the Institute of Digital Innovation in Middlesbrough, both in the UK. For the past ten years, both artists have been using a very wide range of media – from vhs players and music videos to 3D printers – to create, as they themselves put it, 'gender-bending visual journeys, filtered through carnal data mesh, liquid apocalyptic dysphoria and 3d fantasy shuffle'. They started working together in 2004 - and have worked under the Pussykrew moniker since 2008 – and have since then developed numerous highly artistic creations that often bring the latest visual and sonic media expressions and postmodern humanity together. They have also collaborated with a long list of artists, musicians and designers since then, such as Leila (WARP Records), HTRK (Work Tour 2011), Raime (Blackest Ever Black). Oni Ayhun, Angel Haze, Kode9, Actress, Evian Christ, James Ferraro, Kassem Mosse and Nguzunguz. Pussykrew's creations have also been regularly featured in art galleries and digital and/or sonic art conventions throughout the world in recent years, and will doubtlessly interest many visitors at this year's 3D Printshow in London