---
id: 7830
title: 3D打印基础建模和操作工作坊 2月27日｜3D Modeling Tool Workshop Feb 27th
date: 2016-02-22 18:53:45
author: 36
group: 3D打印基础建模和操作工作坊 2月27日｜3D Modeling Tool Workshop Feb 27th
post_name: 3d%e6%89%93%e5%8d%b0%e5%9f%ba%e7%a1%80%e5%bb%ba%e6%a8%a1%e5%92%8c%e6%93%8d%e4%bd%9c%e5%b7%a5%e4%bd%9c%e5%9d%8a-2%e6%9c%8827%e6%97%a5%ef%bd%9c3d-modeling-tool-workshop-feb-27th
---

Shanghai Jing'an Yuyuan Donglu 28, No. 3 Building, 1st Floor, Xin Chejian. [Sign Up](http://www.huodongxing.com/event/2323095528800 "Sign Up").Time: 13:00 - 16:00, Saturday, February 27th. Personal Biography: Archarry Lu Hanlin is a member of the parametric design and research team at the Shanghai Tongji Urban Planning and Design Institute - Technology Development Center, and also the head of Ascott Design Lab. He has published numerous papers on digital design and is currently working on developing a computing platform to make work easier and more efficient. Recently, he has set up a series of 'Dream Factory' workshops to popularize the culture of making and adding fun to the process of creating. Workshop Description: Are you having trouble converting your innovative ideas into tangible products? Or are you facing difficulty navigating complex modeling software interfaces? Come explore the 'Dream Factory' workshop focusing on ZBrush 3D modeling tools. Master this powerful set of tools, and rapidly create 3D digital models, enabling you to engage in 3D printing and animation within a short timeframe! Workshop structure: 1. Introduction to ZBrush modeling software. 2. Introduction to 3D printing modeling software. 3. Introduction to 3D printing principles. 4. 3D printing operation. 5. Troubleshooting common issues. 6. Complete product prototype production and 3D printing of creative products. This workshop will help you: ●Quickly and efficiently create 3D models of products. ●Experience the sense of accomplishment of turning dreams into reality. ●Experience the joy of artistic creation. ●Boost your imagination and creativity. ●Create stunning 3D effects. ●Utilize creation to solve practical problems in your life. Preparation: Please bring your own laptop. Instructor Contact: If you have any questions, please contact me through one of the following methods: WeChat: archarry QQ: 514248050 Email: archarry@outlook.com Telephone: 15601786625 Fee: Workshop: RMB 200; RMB 150 for XinCheJian Members.