---
id: 7941
title: CAD入门工作坊 5月22日&#124; Intro to CAD May 22nd
date: 2016-05-09 14:57:47
author: 36
group: CAD入门工作坊 5月22日&#124; Intro to CAD May 22nd
post_name: %e5%b7%a5%e5%85%b7%e5%9f%b9%e8%ae%ad-5%e6%9c%8815%e6%97%a5-tool-training-workshop-may-15th
---

Time: 13:00 - 16:00, Sunday, May 22th Personal Biography Archarry Lu Hanlin students are "Shanghai Tongji Urban Planning and Design Institute - technology development center," the parametric design and research team member, who is also in charge of Ascott design lab, a number of articles related papers published digital design, is currently working development make work easier and efficient computing platform. Recently set up a "record-off DreamWorks" series of workshops, and strive to create a fun culture to increase the popularity of creating customer. Workshop Description Are you in trouble for how to turn a novel product solution into a kind? Looking at the complicated operation interface of the modeling software? Come take a look at a “Maker dream factory ”magical tool “Autodesk CAD” tools group, master this set of tools can be in a short time rapid establishment of plane and three-dimensional graphics model the, we can use the data for 3D printing and laser engraving... Is interesting, isn't it?! Workshop structure: 1， Autodesk CAD Software introduction 2， Explain the tool group 3， planar graphics rendering 4， The establishment of 3D model 5， the use of plug-ins 6， the application of Gallery This workshop can help you: ●Fast and efficient production of planar graphics and three-dimensional model ●experience the sense of achievement dream into reality ●experience the happiness of artistic creation ●The increase of imagination and creativity ●create cool products ●by creating to solve practical problems encountered in life What to expect: The goal of this workshop is help, love for the creation of you through a simple and direct method to design and build the product shape, you can before the imagination of transformers, cartoon image, concept car and household products. Into the actual objects can be used, so that we can be as happy as a magician to create it! Who should enroll: Do you have creative but not yet mastered programming method、Cute kids、Creative people like geek culture、and do you want to own a DIY intelligence products to the relatives and friends of a small partner,as well as all ages full of whimsy friends are fit to participate in this workshop and hands-on creative process will reap unexpected joy and emotion. The speaker of the contact: If you have any questions, you can choose to contact me. WeChat：archarry QQ:514248050 email：archarry@outlook.com Telephone：15601786625 Fee: Workshop: RMB 200; RMB 150 for XinCheJian Members. Please send mail to chris@xinchejian.com