---
id: 7972
title: 机器人制作工作坊 6月19日｜Build your Own Otto Robot June 19th
date: 2016-06-07 15:21:22
author: 36
group: 机器人制作工作坊 6月19日｜Build your Own Otto Robot June 19th
post_name: %e6%9c%ba%e5%99%a8%e4%ba%ba%e5%88%b6%e4%bd%9c%e5%b7%a5%e4%bd%9c%e5%9d%8a-6%e6%9c%8819%e6%97%a5%ef%bd%9cbuild-your-own-otto-robot-june-19th
---

Who is Otto? Otto is an interactive robot that anyone can make! What can Otto do? Otto walks, dances, makes sounds and avoids obstacles Why Is Otto special? Otto is completely open source, Arduino compatible, 3D printable, and with a social impact mission to create an inclusive environment for all kids. This is the opportunity to build and have your first robot. First there will be a little introduction about Otto and the team behind, Second you will receive one Otto DIY kit including all tools you need to make this biped robot. And lastly you will follow the assembly instructions and with the support of 2 members of the Otto team you would be able to finish your new Otto robot and play with it. The Otto Team CamiloHe has been more than 2 years in Shanghai as Industrial designer for Bestway inflatables, but he didn’t settle just for a job, his passion for robots and toys make him very curious about 3d printing and electronics so after playing around with robots at Xinchejian and other projects decided can create Otto an interactive robot that anyone can make! If you have any questions about this workshop or Otto, you can choose to contact me. WeChat:cparrapa email:camilo@ottobot.org JavierHe has been more than 2 years in Shanghai as brand and graphic designer, initially worked for EF (education first), passing through Bestway inflatables, creating his own branding studio to currently working for “The Good Agency”, he like Otto concept so much because of the emotional attachment that is created after building your own robot instead of buy it; that he joined the Otto team as the branding manager and UI designer. Leigh-AnneShe has called the Greater China area home for over 20 years. Instrumental in the creation of Shanghai’s largest government social innovation initiative, founder of Nestworkschina.org, she saw the potential of Otto as a social inclusive robot for Kids with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). As key component for the project she has diverse international and local connections to nonprofit and social enterprise supporters and practitioners. Time: June 19th, Sunday, 13:30 - 16:00 Fee: Workshop: RMB 750; RMB 710 for XinCheJian Members. Includes one Otto DIY kit and all the tools to build it in 2-3 hours. No need technical knowledge, perfect for beginners and easy hackable for experts. Due small screws the workshops is recommend for 7+ years old, unless the children are accompanied by parents.