---
id: 8017
title: Design your own Printed Circuit Board August 7
date: 2016-08-01 15:43:31
author: 36
group: Design your own Printed Circuit Board August 7
post_name: design-your-own-printed-circuit-board-august-7
---

What’s a PCB? – it’s that thing inside all electronics that does all the electrical stuff. There comes a time in life where you want to make some complex projects tiny or customized or of a certain quality. The workshop will be run in English only and last about 4 hours through a structured flow. When? - August 7th, Sunday, 9:30 - 12:30 How much will it cost me? - How much are you willing to pay for a new skill? Remember, it’s an introduction - 450rmb if you’re a member, 550rmb if you’re not and you become a member for a month. I’m a newbie, should I do it? - Totally, its designed as a follow along program. I’m not a newbie, should I do it? - Totally, if you’ve never done it before. I’m a parent, can my child do it? - Totally, but you are expected to be there with your child and address any behavioral issues; if it cannot be, the risk is we ask you both to leave. The following topics will be covered: · Introduction to Eagle, file organization - 15 minutes · Setup your first board, DRC and ERC – 10 minutes · Learn the interface and as many shortcuts as you can remember · Create your first Schema (reference provided) – 30 minutes · Create your first library using a reference sheet – 30 minutes · Layout your first board like playing Tetris! – 30 minutes · Route the traces both: manually and automatically – 30 minutes · Tips & Tricks – 15 minutes · Prepare files to send off for manufacturing (dirtypcbs) – 15 minutes We'll adjust the timing according to the process of the attendees. What you need to do before arriving: 1. Install eagle from Cadsoft: Mac/Windows/Linux - https://cadsoft.io/ 2. If you can open the software! register and pay so we know how many are coming. 3. Bring your computer with you on the day Challenges? - You will be challenged in both design and physical size! – there is a competition for this. What are we making again? - We’re going to be referencing the Annoying ATtiny85 circuit, a tiny little device you can stick anywhere around someone to annoy them over the course of a year on a single battery. What about a Follow on workshop? - Great idea, why don’t we send off one PCB to manufacture and make them 2 weeks later.