---
id: 8026
title: 从小白到冲上云霄 8月27日 &#124; From zero to helicopter pilot August 27
date: 2016-08-23 15:20:38
author: 36
group: 从小白到冲上云霄 8月27日 &#124; From zero to helicopter pilot August 27
post_name: %e4%bb%8e%e5%b0%8f%e7%99%bd%e5%88%b0%e5%86%b2%e4%b8%8a%e4%ba%91%e9%9c%84-8%e6%9c%8827%e6%97%a5-from-zero-to-helicopter-pilot-august-27
---

Shanghai Jing'an Yu'yuan Donglu 28, No. 3 Building, 1st Floor, New Workshop

[Sign Up](http://www.huodongxing.com/event/8346522982300)

Guest Introduction
Kin is a hardcore aviation enthusiast. From knowing nothing to personally creating a professional-grade dynamic flight simulator, overcoming numerous technical bottlenecks and using his own simulator to master various helicopter control techniques, and successfully fulfilling his dream of flying in January 2016 with his first solo flight.  As a member of the New Workshop, eight new workshop members also completed their first solo helicopter flight on August 6th, after one month of simulator training. Kin hopes to help more people achieve their dream of flying.

Kin made his full motion helicopter simulator at XinCheJian a few months ago, through which he helped 8 XinCheJian members learn how to fly helicopters. August 6th, these 8 members accomplished their first helicopter flying experience after one month of training. Now, Kin wishes to help even more people accomplish their flying dream.

Workshop Structure
1. Fixed wing and helicopter
2. How to obtain your flight license
3. How to fly in the USA; differences between flying in China and in the USA
4. Flying village, a unique lifestyle
5. Kin's helicopter simulator

Date
August 27, Saturday, 14:00-17:00

Fee
XinCheJian Member: 240; Nonmember: 300