---
id: 8064
title: 智能机械臂制造工作坊 11月5日 &#124; Robot Arm Workshop November 5th
date: 2016-10-25 11:16:29
author: 36
group: 智能机械臂制造工作坊 11月5日 &#124; Robot Arm Workshop November 5th
post_name: %e6%99%ba%e8%83%bd%e6%9c%ba%e6%a2%b0%e8%87%82%e5%88%b6%e9%80%a0%e5%b7%a5%e4%bd%9c%e5%9d%8a-11%e6%9c%885%e6%97%a5-robot-arm-workshop-november-5th
---

Intelligent robotic arm workshop introduction: Want to make a magical robotic arm by yourself? It can draw, deliver things, and play games with you. Check out the amazing tools "Robotic Arm Making and Programming" in the "Maker Dream Factory". With these tools, you can create personalized robotic arms. Isn't that interesting! Training course schedule and content introduction: First class: Robotic arm installation and explanation Second class: Control software installation and explanation This workshop can help you: 1. Quickly make a robotic arm 2. Experience the sense of accomplishment of turning dreams into reality 3. Experience the joy of artistic creation 4. Increase imagination and creativity 5. Learn programming and control 6. Solve practical problems in life through creation  Worth looking forward to: The goal of this workshop is to help mechanical enthusiasts make their own robotic arm. Through programming and control, let it complete some daily tasks. Let's create happily like magicians! Who should register: You who love electronics and mechanics, lively and lovely children full of curiosity about the world, enthusiasts interested in maker culture, friends who want to DIY an intelligent product for family and friends, and friends of all ages with imaginative ideas are suitable for this workshop.  And you will gain unexpected joy and感动 in the process of hands-on creation. Past achievements showcase: Lecturer's contact information: If you have any questions, you can contact me by the following methods: WeChat: archarry QQ: 514248050 Email: archarry@qq.com Phone: 15601786625 Training scale: 5-10 people/session Time: November 5th and 6th, 2016, 10:00 - 16:00 Course fees (including a set of robotic arm materials): Early bird price: Two classes, 980/person (limited to 5 people, members have priority) Normal price: Members: Two classes, 1100/person Non-members: Two classes, 1200/person Please send an email to chris@xinchejian.com to register.