---
id: 8113
title: 学习使用MATLAB 11月13日 &#124; Learn how to use MATLAB November 13
date: 2016-11-09 18:08:18
author: 40
group: 学习使用MATLAB 11月13日 &#124; Learn how to use MATLAB November 13
post_name: %e5%ad%a6%e4%b9%a0%e4%bd%bf%e7%94%a8matlab-11%e6%9c%8813%e6%97%a5-learn-how-to-use-matlab-november-13
---

Time: 14:00 – 16:00, Sunday, November 13th
Personal Biography: Biggerlab, set up in 2015, is devoted to cultivating talentswith STEM accomplishments for China. Bigger lab owns a team of first-ratementors and provides a whole set of sci-tech education course including Arduinohardware development, IOS programming, data visualization, VR virtual reality,etc. Biggerlab takes effort to cultivate scientific quality of Chinese studentswith zero basis in order to make them standing out from global competitions infuture. Workshop description: MATLAB is a programming language that is used by engineersand scientists for mathematical computations, including, but not limited to,matrix manipulation, plotting of functions and data, implementation ofalgorithms, and a graphical representation of the manipulation of sound andlight signals. MATLAB can be used to make higher-level mathematics a lot easierfor all purposes including calculus and statistics. In this workshop, you willlearn the basics of MATLAB. The goal of this workshop is to teach you How to simulate the sound of a musical instrument using MATLAB.Biggerlab will be providing the MATLAB program to install and experiment withits features. -Intro to MATLAB/Basic arithmetic and calculations usingMATLAB Manipulating vectors, basic MATLAB functions -Plotting of signals and statistics using MATLAB The difference between continuous-time signals,discrete-time signals, and sampled signals, and how to plot them using MATLAB;basics of convolution using graphs to generate new types of signals -Difference Equations How to plot multi-variable functions on MATLAB, determine ifit is linear, -Other functions available for higher mathematics Ellip function, freq, length, plot, how to design a low-passfilter for clearer audio, dtft command -How to simulate the sound of a musical instrument as a sumof cosine signals Using the Karplus-Strong system of equations for a gain,delay, and low-pass filter to plot on MATLAB a digital plucked-string sound -Removing an echo from a recording of a speech signal Creating the echo signal, removing the echo, and thenestimating the echo’s parameters Instructor info: Lathika, Indian by blood and heart, Lathika grew up in the ever-busycity of Shanghai. She is currently a senior at NYU Shanghai getting a major inElectrical Engineering and a minor in Natural Science, and one day she hopes tocombine her technical knowledge with her interest in serve and internationalaffairs. She has previously been involved in projects titled “GestureRecognition using Accelerometers” and “Design of a Two-Stage BJT Class AAmplifier”, and done five graduate-level courses in Electrical Engineering. Hersenior design project for NYU Shanghai aims to focus on the power consumptionof the NYU Shanghai building and the implementation of green technology oftheir Academic Building. Other than technology, she is also interested inwriting as has served as the staff writer and editor, and is currently theManaging Editor, for NYU Shanghai’s student newspaper, On Century Avenue. Fee: XinCheJIan member: 260 / person; Non-member: 300 / person.If you have questions, please send Email to chris@xinchejian.com. Please bring your laptop while attending the workshop!