---
id: 8122
title: 自制新车间：荧光衣 &#124; XinCheJian DIY: Fluorescent dance cloth
date: 2016-11-09 18:38:42
author: 40
group: 自制新车间：荧光衣 &#124; XinCheJian DIY: Fluorescent dance cloth
post_name: %e8%87%aa%e5%88%b6%e6%96%b0%e8%bd%a6%e9%97%b4%ef%bc%9a%e8%8d%a7%e5%85%89%e8%a1%a3-xinchejian-diy-fluorescent-dance-cloth
---

XinCheJian DIY is a platform to showcase projects by XinCheJian members.  Interested individuals can purchase DIY kits or projects directly from the platform at a reasonable price.  We guarantee this is not a marketplace accepting all products; all projects must originate from XinCheJian members.

Electronic-Dancing-Cloths:  Cloths with rhythmically flashing lights to create an electrifying atmosphere and enhance dance performances.

Project Origin: A XinCheJian high school member, inspired by a captivating dance performance, designed these electrifying cloths. The dance club integrated the design into their routines, successfully using them in subsequent events.

Materials: Clothes, trousers, batteries, Arduino, hot glue gun, EL light string (5m x 2, 2m x 1 – various colors available), driver & wires, 12V battery box x 3 (optional to use 8 x 1.5V batteries from driver), relay x 1

DIY Instructions: First, use a hot glue gun to attach the light string to the clothes as desired, arranging it like muscle structure for enhanced visual appeal.  Additional light strings can be used to change the cloth's color. Second, connect the relay to the circuit.  For relay details, refer to [this website](http://wiki.dfrobot.com.cn/index.php/%28SKU:DFR0017%29).  This is a single-color example, and the materials provided are sufficient for just one color combination, requiring only one relay.

Scan the QR code for more details on making or purchasing these electrifying dance cloths.