---
id: 1930
title: Roborace today
date: 2011-11-27 23:12:52
author: 11
---

Today's robot competition may be the last regular competition of this year, as the new season will begin in January next year due to the upcoming holidays. In this competition, DFRobot sent Ricky with his HCR robot and Rockets' tank robot, Paul's Jungle King and Ziyou's crocodile robot to participate in the competition. Ziyou's crocodile robot (using Lego robots) was incredibly brave, continuing the manual group's video transmission method using FaceTime, but unfortunately, there were some control issues, and it didn't achieve a good result this time. Paul's Jungle King (modified from a toy car) still maintained its fast and agile characteristics, and its stability has also improved, but it had a bit of bad luck. I believe that if not for the luck issue, Paul might have succeeded. Rockets' tank robot (PR5 chassis + Arduino) hasn't been in action for a while, and its condition was clearly not very good in this competition. There were some program issues, and I will release the competition program and my strategy later for everyone's criticism and correction. I am glad that, with the help of everyone, my robot finally completed two laps in the competition. The HCR robot was the undisputed champion of this competition, whether in terms of size, speed, or strategy, it was the most formidable in this competition. From the remote operation experience, the video is basically unclear under high brightness, and the effect is worse compared to FaceTime, but it doesn't hinder smooth operation. In short, we successfully won the first place in this competition. Ricky, who hadn't competed for several years, personally operated the HCR, and had a great time. Congratulations to Ricky for winning the championship.