---
id: 3010
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ the NEW XinCheJian - 7-9pm
date: 2012-04-25 11:47:45
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ the NEW XinCheJian - 7-9pm
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-the-new-xinchejian-7-9pm
---

XinCheJian is still under construction but that wont stop us from keeping up with our promise of a Wednesday meetup, we still don't have lights but eventually we will. For those going to the Maker Carnival in Beijing this weekend then tonight is for you, time to put the finishing touches on projects that you are taking, just don't forget to cleanup! 7pm - free @ XinCheJian 2.0 1035 Changle Rd, 2nd floor - 上海徐汇区长乐路1035号2楼 see here for a map and directions: http://xinchejian.com/contact-us/?lang=zh =Wednesday Presenters= No Presentations scheduled for tonight =Coming up soon= Processing class (English instructions) - 2012/04/28 - http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=114 Has been postponed, if you are interested please send an email to mlhsie@gmail.com =Recent changes at XinCheJian= Membership is now Just 100rmb per month per member, for an additional 200rmb a month you can also store your projects/stuff in the space in a box that does not exceed 50x50x30cm, you can contribute more money if you want as a donation. Failure to pay membership will result in your junk being stored at XinCheJian becoming a donation to the space. XinCheJian will no longer offer community parts but instead sell them in sets, for example 10 resistors for 1rmb to cut down on waste and mess. Members will have access to the space and the tools, strangers must be accompanied by a member at all times and will be responsible for that friend during that period at XinCheJian. For Full details see http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Policy or http://wiki.xinchejian.com/wiki/Policy/zh =A quick blurb about XinCheJian= XinCheJian is a community run hackerspace located in the heart of Shanghai, without your support with time, workshops, donations and memberships we would not be able to keep the space alive and in the same form as it is today, think about giving back in any way you can and help alleviate the financial responsibilities. =Volunteer Jobs at XinCheJian= As a Volunteer you'll earn your membership, you'll also be expected to joinStaff meetings at least once a month. Only apply if you're serious. Without the generosity of the current volunteers and sharing tasks in their free time, it would be near impossible to keep XinCheJian alive. *Treasurer* As the Treasurer you'll be responsible for.. treasure. you need to <strike>have your own calculator</strike> we'll provide you a calculator. the following are what you'll need to handle on a monthly basis. - Income/Outgoing spread sheets - Look after the donation box - Organizes the rent and bills from the bank account - We'll even send you to business accounting with the government (we'll pay for this) - Kind reminders to members to pay their membership dues *Journalists* A Journalist will be expected to write at least 1 article a week on a topic of whats going on inside XinCheJian, you pick a project and review it, can be a few hours an evening writing and a few hours in the day interviewing. - you'll be given an account on xinchejian.com - You will need a camera - English or Chinese - or both is encouraged - confident and outgoing - get as much information possible from people in the shortest amount of time.