---
id: 3204
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 16/05/2012
date: 2012-05-16 12:13:28
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 16/05/2012
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-16052012
---

We're into the full swing of things here at XinCheJian and the space is beginning to organically form. Project swarmbots is full steam ahead, plenty of chatter in the evenings going on, and there is still time to join. The WiFi network is up, if anyone has Radius experience (freeRadius) + WPA/WPA2 Enterprise using PEAP on windows vista, windows 7 let yourself be known but Linux/Mac users you'll have no problems, and those on windows 8! The Machine room is beginning to be setup, the table was split in half by our favorite social glasses man Valentin and welded back together! Tonight we have several presenters all in agreement to keep it to less than the 9 minutes, we also have "Grand Design Magazine" coming down this evening, so dress in your best birthday suit and bring your projects.
**=Wednesday Presenters=**theNelson is back for a week, and he'll be talking about RankBin and his Solar Charger. Team Swarmbots will be giving us a little update and a way to join the team. Axel aka Guttertec from FabLab, Cologne co-working space Will be giving us the insight into his latest projects and projects out of FabLab. Steve Dalton visiting from Gold Coast TechSpace (<http://gctechspace.org>) in Australia will talk to us about their space and their projects.
**=Workshops=**
* Portraits of Makers Photoshoot! - 2012/05/24 Dress in your best birthday suit, round 2 of "stars in their eyes" by the Shanghai Strobist Group (<http://www.flickr.com/groups/strobist_shanghai/>) will be taking place, dont forget to bring your projects. Help us out and sign up so we know how many are coming <http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=128>
* 机器车竞赛 - Roboracing Competition - 2012/06/24 Ladies and Gentleman it's time to start your engines, keep a lookout on the wiki page for the latest line follower course, if you havn't already built a car, Now is the time, for reference the track line is 1" wide (same thickness as electrical tape) - Sign up if you're racing <http://xinchejian.com/event/?ee=110>