---
id: 4130
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 16/01/2013
date: 2013-01-16 11:45:49
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 16/01/2013
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-xinchejian-7-9pm-16012013
---

Is it seasons greetings or Spring festival? neither, it's half way between the both, Enjoy this feature filled Wednesday. ==Summary for Wednesday/本周三开放日综述== Yair Reshef guest from Israel will be talking about Hackerspaces in Israel, His projects, 3D scanner demo (http://mantis-vision.com/) Thomas Yao, the creator of GitCafe and SHLUG advocate will be presenting this evening on GitCafe, where they are and where they are going! Rick Sheridan, CEO of RST in San Francisco will give his sourcing insights, previously scheduled for last week. Yeung Man Leung 扬文梁, Razorfish! a lesson in big data and and connected consumer experiences! =Wednesday Presenters/本周演讲者介绍= Yair Reshef - An art technologist and educator, consulting some of the leading art and design institutes in Israel. In this capacity he helps promote creative technology in the arts and vise verse. A recent such example is fabrication of a hepatic car wheel for a year long collaboration between Bezalel academy of Arts and General motors. As an educator he gives workshops and helps people experience rapid prototyping of electronics and code, his students ranging from small kids to teachers and faculty. Coming from Israel, he keeps a close watch on start-up culture, and have always been amazed by the power of a few committed talents to bring things to be. Thomas Yao, a geek by heart has been involved in and runs the SHLUG for many years now, he is no stranger to XinCheJian and often visits, we're waiting to find out what exciting things are coming to gitcafe this year! Rick Sheridan, CEO of RST in San Francisco and friend of Mitch Altman will be presenting this evening, his expertise is in management of sourcing for OEMS and i bet he has some hairy stories to share. Razorfish is sending down their top man! this guy eats big data and creates a masterpiece, driving digital media for fast moving companies, find out what he has to say on hacking.