---
id: 4600
title: Wednesday Meetup - Free as in beer - or 5rmb - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 03/04/2013
date: 2013-04-03 13:55:42
author: 7
group: Wednesday Meetup - Free as in beer - or 5rmb - @ XinCheJian - 7-9pm - 03/04/2013
post_name: wednesday-meetup-free-as-in-beer-or-5rmb-xinchejian-7-9pm-03042013
---

# 4月3日周三开放日

Holiday folks! it's time to hack stuff! Thursday -> Saturday, Check the website often over this holiday time, we're going to be doing all sorts of magic.

## Announcements this week:

* Valentin from Social glasses is back in town, catch him around the space!
* Ladies, it's your turn, sign up for 3months at XinCheJian and get 1 month for free, starting.. last week
* Roboracing - it's on the 6th of April! 2pm - 5pm bring your 10 second cars! or your ultra fast line followers, the competition is just starting for the season - we're waiting on a special location announcement for this race, i think you dont want to miss it, plus work on your car Thursday and Friday as it's a tomb sweeping holiday!
* May is dedicated to the month of Cinematography - keep an eye out for events revolving around cinematography
* June is dedicated to "intro" for everything, from introduction to arduino, machine room, 3d printing, 3d modeling, electronics, this is the ultimate makers month!

## Summary for Wednesday/本周三开放日综述

* Tom Igoe - one night only! see him in XinCheJian - Internet of Things Expert: Author, Arduino Team Member and Teacher

## Wednesday Presenters/本周演讲者介绍

Tom Igoe is an Associate Arts Professor at NYU’s Interactive Telecommunications Program (ITP). Coming from a background in theatre lighting design, Igoe makes tools that sense and respond to a wide range of human physical expression. He is the aread head for physical computing courses, and teaches courses in networking as well. He is also interested in how to lessen the impact that making things has on the environment, and how open hardware development can contribute to that. He has written three books for makers, and is working on a fourth. He is an occasional contributor to Make magazine as well. He is a co-founder of Arduino. He has consulted for various museums and interactive design companies as well. He is currently living a personal dream of working with monkeys, and wants to visit Svalbard someday. Also if you use Processing and Arduino you can thank him tonight! ONE NIGHT ONLY! DONT MISS OUT!